Point mutations in the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene are associated with malignant hyperthermia, an autosomal dominant disorder triggered in susceptible people (MHS) by volatile anaesthetics and depolarising skeletal muscle relaxants.
 To date, 17 missense point mutations have been identified in the human RYR1 gene by screening of the cDNA obtained from muscle biopsies.
 Here we report single strand conformation polymorphism (SSCP) screening for nine of the most frequent RYR1 mutations using genomic DNA isolated from MHS patients.
 In addition, the Argl63Cys mutation was analysed by restriction enzyme digestion.
 We analysed 57 unrelated patients and detected seven of the known RYR1 point mutations.
 Furthermore, we found a new mutation, Arg2454His, segregating with the MHS phenotype in a large pedigree and a novel amino acid substitution at position 2436 in another patient, indicating a 15.8% frequency of these mutations in Italian patients.
 A new polymorphic site in intron 16 that causes the substitution of a G at position -7 with a C residue was identified.
Mutation screening of the RYR1 gene and identification of two novel mutations in Italian malignant hyperthermia families.
A mutation in the transmembrane/luminal domain of the ryanodine receptor is associated with abnormal Ca(2+) release channel function and severe central core disease.
Central core disease is a rare, nonprogressive myopathy that is characterized by hypotonia and proximal muscle weakness.
 In a large Mexican kindred with an unusually severe and highly penetrant form of the disorder, DNA sequencing identified an I4898T mutation in the C-terminal transmembrane/luminal region of the RyR1 protein that constitutes the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor.
 All previously reported RYR1 mutations are located either in the cytoplasmic N terminus or in a central cytoplasmic region of the 5,038-aa protein.
 The I4898T mutation was introduced into a rabbit RYR1 cDNA and expressed in HEK-293 cells.
 The response of the mutant RyR1 Ca2+ channel to the agonists halothane and caffeine in a Ca2+ photometry assay was completely abolished.
 Coexpression of normal and mutant RYR1 cDNAs in a 1:1 ratio, however, produced RyR1 channels with normal halothane and caffeine sensitivities, but maximal levels of Ca2+ release were reduced by 67%.
 [3H]Ryanodine binding indicated that the heterozygous channel is activated by Ca2+ concentrations 4-fold lower than normal.
 Single-cell analysis of cotransfected cells showed a significantly increased resting cytoplasmic Ca2+ level and a significantly reduced luminal Ca2+ level.
 These data are indicative of a leaky channel, possibly caused by a reduction in the Ca2+ concentration required for channel activation.
 Comparison with two other coexpressed mutant/normal channels suggests that the I4898T mutation produces one of the most abnormal RyR1 channels yet investigated, and this level of abnormality is reflected in the severe and penetrant phenotype of affected central core disease individuals.
Screening of the ryanodine receptor gene in 105 malignant hyperthermia families: novel mutations and concordance with the in vitro contracture test.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) in man is an autosomal dominant disorder of skeletal muscle Ca(2+)-regulation.
 During anesthesia in predisposed individuals, it is triggered by volatile anesthetics and depolarizing muscle relaxants.
 In &gt;50% of the families, MH susceptibility is linked to the gene encoding the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1), the calcium release channel of the sarcoplasmic reticulum, on chromosome 19q12-13.2.
 To date, 21 RYR1 mutations have been identified in a number of pedigrees.
 Four of them are also associated with central core disease (CCD), a congenital myopathy.
 Screening for these 21 mutations in 105 MH families including 10 CCD families phenotyped by the in vitro contracture test (IVCT) according to the European protocol revealed the following approximate distribution: 9% Arg-614-Cys, 1% Arg-614-Leu, 1% Arg-2163-Cys, 1% Val-2168-Met, 3% Thr-2206-Met and 7% Gly-2434-Arg.
 In one CCD family, the disease was caused by a recently reported MH mutation, Arg-2454-His.
 Two novel mutations, Thr-2206-Arg and Arg-2454-Cys were detected, each in a single pedigree.
 In the 109 individuals of the 25 families with RYR1 mutations cosegregation between genetic result and IVCT was almost perfect, only three genotypes were discordant with the IVCT phenotypes, suggesting a true sensitivity of 98.5% and a specificity of minimally 81.8% for this test.
 Screening of the transmembraneous region of RYR1 did not yield a new mutation confirming the cytosolic portion of the protein to be of main functional importance for disease pathogenesis.
Characterization of cDNA clones selected by the GeneMark analysis from size-fractionated cDNA libraries from human brain.
We have conducted a sequencing project of human cDNAs which encode large proteins in brain.
 For selection of cDNA clones to be sequenced in this project, cDNA clones have been experimentally examined by in vitro transcription/translation prior to sequencing.
 In this study, we tested an alternative approach for picking up cDNA clones having a high probability of carrying protein coding region.
 This approach exploited 5'-end single-pass sequence data and the GeneMark program for assessing protein-coding potential, and allowed us to select 74 clones out of 14,804 redundant cDNA clones.
 The complete sequence data of these 74 clones revealed that 45% of them encoded proteins consisting of more than 500 amino acid residues while all the clones thus selected carried possible protein coding sequences as expected.
 The results indicated that the GeneMark analysis of 5'-end sequences of cDNAs offered us a simple and effective means to select cDNA clones with protein-coding potential although the sizes of the encoded proteins could not be predicted.
Novel mutation in the RYR1 gene (R2454C) in a patient with malignant hyperthermia.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) has been reported as non-existent in children less than 1 yr old, although several unconfirmed reports have been published.
 A case report of MH in a 6-month-old child is presented, with confirmation of MH susceptibility by in vitro contracture testing of quadriceps muscle at 13 yr old.
 Genetic analysis revealed a novel RYR1 mutation that substitutes arginine 2452 for tryptophan in a region of the calcium channel mutated in several other MH pedigrees.
Malignant hyperthermia in infancy and identification of novel RYR1 mutation.
The ryanodine receptor (RyR)/calcium release channel on the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) is the major source of calcium (Ca2+) required for cardiac muscle excitation-contraction (EC) coupling.
 The channel is a tetramer comprised of four type 2 RyR polypeptides (RyR2) and four FK506 binding proteins (FKBP12.6).
 We show that protein kinase A (PKA) phosphorylation of RyR2 dissociates FKBP12.6 and regulates the channel open probability (Po).
 Using cosedimentation and coimmunoprecipitation we have defined a macromolecular complex comprised of RyR2, FKBP12.6, PKA, the protein phosphatases PP1 and PP2A, and an anchoring protein, mAKAP.
 In failing human hearts, RyR2 is PKA hyperphosphorylated, resulting in defective channel function due to increased sensitivity to Ca2+-induced activation.
PKA phosphorylation dissociates FKBP12.6 from the calcium release channel (ryanodine receptor): defective regulation in failing hearts.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a pharmacogenetic disorder that predisposes to a sometimes fatal hypermetabolic reaction to halogenated anaesthetics.
 MH is considered to originate from abnormal regulation of skeletal muscle Ca(2+) release.
 Current diagnosis of MH susceptibility (MHS) relies on in vitro contracture testing (IVCT) of skeletal muscle.
 The ryanodine receptor (RYR1) encoding the major Ca(2+) release channel in the skeletal muscle sarcoplasmic reticulum has been shown to be mutated in a number of MH pedigrees.
 The large Maori pedigree reported here is the largest MHS pedigree investigated to date and comprises five probands who experienced clinical episodes of MH and 130 members diagnosed by the IVCT.
 Sequencing of the 15 117 bp RYR1 cDNA in a MHS individual from this pedigree identified a novel C14477T transition that results in a Thr4826 to Ile substitution in the C-terminal region/transmembrane loop of the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor.
 This is the first mutation in the RyR1 C-terminal region associated solely with MHS.
 Although linkage analysis showed strong linkage (max LOD, 11.103 at theta = 0.133) between the mutation and MHS in the pedigree using the standardized European IVCT phenotyping protocol, 22 MHS recombinants were observed.
 The relationship between the IVCT response and genotype was explored and showed that as IVCT diagnostic cut-off points were made increasingly stringent, the number of MHS discordants decreased with complete concordance between the presence or absence of the C14477T mutation and MHS and MH normal phenotypes, respectively, using a cut-off of 1.2 g tension at 2.0 mM caffeine and 1.8 g tension at 2.0% halothane.
 Many MHS pedigrees investigated have been excluded from linkage to the RYR1 gene on the basis of a small number of recombinants; however, the linkage analysis reported here suggests that other recombinant families excluded from linkage to the RYR1 gene may actually demonstrate linkage as the number of members tested within the pedigrees increases.
 The high number of discordants observed using the standardized diagnostic cut-off points is likely to reflect the presence of a second MHS susceptibility locus in the pedigree.
A novel ryanodine receptor mutation and genotype-phenotype correlation in a large malignant hyperthermia New Zealand Maori pedigree.
A novel ryanodine receptor gene mutation causing both cores and rods in congenital myopathy.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Central core disease (CCD) and nemaline rod myopathy are generally considered two genetically and histologically distinct disorders.
 CCD is defined by the presence of well-demarcated round cores within most myofibers.
 Nemaline rod myopathy is distinguished by the presence of characteristic nemaline bodies within myofibers.
 The simultaneous occurrence of both cores and rods in the same muscle biopsy has been described, but no gene mutations have been reported yet for this condition.
&lt;h4&gt;Objective&lt;/h4&gt;To describe a family containing 16 affected individuals in six generations with an autosomal dominant congenital myopathy that shows clinical and histologic features of both CCD and nemaline myopathy, and to determine the genetic etiology and protein composition of the cores/rods in this family.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods and results&lt;/h4&gt;The results of linkage analyses excluded involvement of the two autosomal dominant nemaline myopathy loci on chromosome 1, but were consistent with a localization of the disease gene at the CCD locus on chromosome 19q13.1 (ryanodine receptor).
 SSCP analysis and DNA sequencing identified a novel Thr4637Ala mutation in the transmembrane region of the ryanodine receptor protein.
 Immunofluorescence studies of patient muscle biopsies showed the central cores to stain for ryanodine receptor.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;These data suggest that the occurrence of nemaline bodies can be a secondary feature of CCD, and that genetic studies on previously reported core/rod families should be targeted to the ryanodine receptor locus.
 The results of the immunofluorescence studies suggest that the cores contain excess abnormal ryanodine receptor protein.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Familial polymorphic ventricular tachycardia is an autosomal-dominant, inherited disease with a relatively early onset and a mortality rate of approximately 30% by the age of 30 years.
 Phenotypically, it is characterized by salvoes of bidirectional and polymorphic ventricular tachycardias in response to vigorous exercise, with no structural evidence of myocardial disease.
 We previously mapped the causative gene to chromosome 1q42-q43.
 In the present study, we demonstrate that patients with familial polymorphic ventricular tachycardia have missense mutations in the cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium release channel (ryanodine receptor type 2 [RyR2]).
&lt;h4&gt;Methods and results&lt;/h4&gt;In 3 large families studied, 3 different RyR2 mutations (P2328S, Q4201R, V4653F) were detected and shown to fully cosegregate with the characteristic arrhythmic phenotype.
 These mutations were absent in the nonaffected family members and in 100 healthy controls.
 In addition to identifying 3 causative mutations, we identified a number of single nucleotide polymorphisms that span the genomic structure of RyR2 and will be useful for candidate-based association studies for other arrhythmic disorders.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;Our data illustrate that mutations of the RyR2 gene cause at least one variety of inherited polymorphic tachycardia.
 These findings define a new entity of disorders of myocardial calcium signaling.
Mutations of the cardiac ryanodine receptor (RyR2) gene in familial polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
Arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia type 2 (ARVD2, OMIM 600996) is an autosomal dominant cardiomyopathy, characterized by partial degeneration of the myocardium of the right ventricle, electrical instability and sudden death.
 The disease locus was mapped to chromosome 1q42--q43.
 We report here on the physical mapping of the critical ARVD2 region, exclusion of two candidate genes (actinin 2 and nidogen), elucidation of the genomic structure of the cardiac ryanodine receptor gene (RYR2) and identification of RYR2 mutations in four independent families.
 In myocardial cells, the RyR2 protein, activated by Ca(2+), induces the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum into the cytosol.
 RyR2 is the cardiac counterpart of RyR1, the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor, involved in malignant hyperthermia (MH) susceptibility and in central core disease (CCD).
 The RyR2 mutations detected in the present study occurred in two highly conserved regions, strictly corresponding to those where mutations causing MH or CCD are clustered in the RYR1 gene.
 The detection of RyR2 mutations causing ARVD2, reported in this paper, opens the way to pre-symptomatic detection of carriers of the disease in childhood, thus enabling early monitoring and treatment.
Identification of mutations in the cardiac ryanodine receptor gene in families affected with arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy type 2 (ARVD2).
Mutations in the cardiac ryanodine receptor gene (hRyR2) underlie catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia is a genetic arrhythmogenic disorder characterized by stress-induced, bidirectional ventricular tachycardia that may degenerate into cardiac arrest and cause sudden death.
 The electrocardiographic pattern of this ventricular tachycardia closely resembles the arrhythmias associated with calcium overload and the delayed afterdepolarizations observed during digitalis toxicity.
 We speculated that a genetically determined abnormality of intracellular calcium handling might be the substrate of the disease; therefore, we considered the human cardiac ryanodine receptor gene (hRyR2) a likely candidate for this genetically transmitted arrhythmic disorder.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods and results&lt;/h4&gt;Twelve patients presenting with typical catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia in the absence of structural heart abnormalities were identified.
 DNA was extracted from peripheral blood lymphocytes, and single-strand conformation polymorphism analysis was performed on polymerase chain reaction-amplified exons of the hRyR2 gene.
 Four single nucleotide substitutions leading to missense mutations were identified in 4 probands affected by the disease.
 Genetic analysis of the asymptomatic parents revealed that 3 probands carried de novo mutations.
 In 1 case, the identical twin of the proband died suddenly after having suffered syncopal episodes.
 The fourth mutation was identified in the proband, in 4 clinically affected family members, and in none of 3 nonaffected family members in a kindred with 2 sudden deaths that occurred at 16 and 14 years, respectively, in the sisters of the proband.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;We demonstrated that, in agreement with our hypothesis, hRyR2 is a gene responsible for catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
Identification of a novel mutation in the ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1) in patients with malignant hyperthermia.
Single-amino-acid deletion in the RYR1 gene, associated with malignant hyperthermia susceptibility and unusual contraction phenotype.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is an anesthetic-drug-induced, life-threatening hypermetabolic syndrome caused by abnormal calcium regulation in skeletal muscle.
 Often inherited as an autosomal dominant trait, MH has linkage to 30 different mutations in the RYR1 gene, which encodes a calcium-release-channel protein found in the sarcoplasmic reticulum membrane in skeletal muscle.
 All published RYR1 mutations exclusively represent single-nucleotide changes.
 The present report documents, in exon 44 of RYR1 in two unrelated, MH-susceptible families, a 3-bp deletion that results in deletion of a conserved glutamic acid at position 2347.
 This is the first deletion, in RYR1, found to be associated with MH susceptibility.
 MH susceptibility was confirmed among some family members by in vitro diagnostic pharmacological contracture testing of biopsied skeletal muscle.
 Although a single-amino-acid deletion appears to be a subtle change in the protein, the deletion of Glu2347 from RYR1 produces an unusually large electrically evoked contraction tension in MH-positive individuals, suggesting that this deletion produces an alteration in skeletal-muscle calcium regulation, even in the absence of pharmacological agents.
Malignant hyperthermia is a pharmacogenetic disorder associated with mutations in Ca(2+) regulatory proteins.
 It manifests as a hypermetabolic crisis triggered by commonly used anesthetics.
 Malignant hyperthermia susceptibility is a dominantly inherited predisposition to malignant hyperthermia that can be diagnosed by using caffeine/halothane contracture tests.
 In a multigenerational North American family with a severe form of malignant hyperthermia that has caused four deaths, a novel RYR1 A2350T missense mutation was identified in all individuals testing positive for malignant hyperthermia susceptibility.
 The same A2350T mutation was identified in an Argentinean family with two known fatal MH reactions.
 Functional analysis in HEK-293 cells revealed an altered Ca(2+) dependence and increased caffeine sensitivity of the expressed mutant protein thus confirming the pathogenic potential of the RYR1 A2350T mutation.
Identification and functional characterization of a novel ryanodine receptor mutation causing malignant hyperthermia in North American and South American families.
North American malignant hyperthermia population: screening of the ryanodine receptor gene and identification of novel mutations.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a disorder of skeletal muscle manifested as a life-threatening hypermetabolic crisis in susceptible individuals after exposure to inhalational anesthetics and depolarizing muscle relaxants.
 Mutations in the gene encoding the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) are considered a common cause of the disorder, and, to date, more than 20 RYR1 mutations have been reported in European and Canadian families.
 Some studies suggest that differences may exist in the frequencies and distribution of mutations in the RYR1 gene between European and North American MH families the frequency and distribution of mutations in the RYR1 gene.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;Skeletal muscle samples from 73 unrelated individuals diagnosed as MH susceptible according to the North American MH caffeine-halothane contracture test were studied.
 Genomic DNA of MH-susceptible patients was investigated by polymerase chain reaction-based restriction fragment length polymorphism, single-strand conformation polymorphism, and sequencing analysis.
 The majority of known RYR1 mutations were analyzed using the restriction fragment length polymorphism method, whereas new mutations were searched by single-strand conformation polymorphism in exons 12, 15, 39, 40, 44, 45, and 46 of the gene.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Seven known RYR1 mutations (Arg163Cys, Gly248Arg, Arg614Cys, Val2168Met, Thr2206Met, Gly2434Arg, and Arg2454His) were detected at frequencies of 2.7, 1.4, 1.4, 1.4, 1.4, 5.5, and 4.1%, respectively.
 In addition, three novel amino acid substitutions (Val2214Ile, Ala2367Thr, and Asp2431Asn) were detected at frequency of 1.4% each.
 These 10 mutations account for 21.9% of the North American MH-susceptible population.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;Three novel candidate mutations in the RYR1 gene were identified in these MH patients.
 The frequency and distribution of RYR1 mutations observed in this North American MH population was markedly different from that previously identified in Europe.
 Larger-scale studies are necessary to clarify the type and frequency of mutations in RYR1 associated with MH in North American families.
Central core disease (CCD) is an autosomal dominant congenital myopathy.
 Diagnosis is based on the presence of cores in skeletal muscles.
 CCD has been linked to the gene encoding the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) and is considered to be an allelic disease of malignant hyperthermia susceptibility.
 However, the report of a recessive form of transmission together with a variable clinical presentation has raised the question of the genetic heterogeneity of the disease.
 Analyzing a panel of 34 families exclusively recruited on the basis of both clinically and morphologically expressed CCD, 12 different mutations of the C-terminal domain of RYR1 have been identified in 16 unrelated families.
 Morphological analysis of the patients' muscles showed different aspects of cores, all of them associated with mutations in the C-terminal region of RYR1.
 Furthermore, we characterized the presence of neomutations in the RyR1 gene in four families.
 This indicates that neomutations into the RyR1 gene are not a rare event and must be taken into account for genetic studies of families that present with congenital myopathies type 'central core disease'.
 Three mutations led to the deletion in frame of amino acids.
 This is the first report of amino acid deletions in RYR1 associated with CCD.
 According to a four-transmembrane domain model, the mutations concentrated mostly in the myoplasmic and luminal loops linking, respectively, transmembrane domains T1 and T2 or T3 and T4 of RYR1.
Familial and sporadic forms of central core disease are associated with mutations in the C-terminal domain of the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor.
Identification of four novel mutations in the C-terminal membrane spanning domain of the ryanodine receptor 1: association with central core disease and alteration of calcium homeostasis.
The skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1; OMIM 180901) on chromosome 19q13.1 encodes the skeletal muscle calcium release channel.
 To date, more than 25 missense mutations have been identified in RYR1 and are associated with central core disease (CCD; OMIM 117000) and/or the malignant hyperthermia susceptibility phenotype (MHS1; OMIM 145600).
 The majority of RYR1 mutations are clustered in the N-terminal hydrophilic domain of the protein.
 Only four mutations have been identified so far in the highly conserved C-terminal region encoding the luminal/transmembrane domain of the protein which forms the ion pore.
 Three of these mutations have been found to segregate with pure or mixed forms of CCD.
 We have screened the C-terminal domain of the RYR1 gene for mutations in 50 European patients, diagnosed clinically and/or histologically as having CCD.
 We have identified five missense mutations (four of them novel) in 13 index patients.
 The mutations cluster in exons 101 and 102 and replace amino acids which are conserved in all known vertebrate RYR genes.
 In order to study the functional effect of these mutations, we have immortalized B-lymphocytes from some of the patients and studied their [Ca(2+)](i) homeostasis.
 We show that lymphoblasts carrying the newly identified RYR1 mutations exhibit: (i) a release of calcium from intracellular stores in the absence of any pharmacological activators of RYR; (ii) significantly smaller thapsigargin-sensitive intracellular calcium stores, compared to lymphoblasts from control individuals; and (iii) a normal sensitivity of the calcium release to the RYR inhibitor dantrolene.
 Our data suggest the C-terminal domain of RYR1 as a hot spot for mutations leading to the CCD phenotype.
 If the functional alterations of mutated RYR channels observed in lymphoblastoid cells are also present in skeletal muscles this could explain the predominant symptom of CCD, i.e.
 chronic muscle weakness.
 Finally, the study of calcium homeostasis in lymphoblastoid cells naturally expressing RYR1 mutations offers a novel non-invasive approach to gain insights into the pathogenesis of MH and CCD.
Cardiac excitation-contraction coupling.
Of the ions involved in the intricate workings of the heart, calcium is considered perhaps the most important.
 It is crucial to the very process that enables the chambers of the heart to contract and relax, a process called excitation-contraction coupling.
 It is important to understand in quantitative detail exactly how calcium is moved around the various organelles of the myocyte in order to bring about excitation-contraction coupling if we are to understand the basic physiology of heart function.
 Furthermore, spatial microdomains within the cell are important in localizing the molecular players that orchestrate cardiac function.
Novel mutations in C-terminal channel region of the ryanodine receptor in malignant hyperthermia patients.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a pharmacogenetical complication of general anesthesia resulting from abnormal Ca2+-induced Ca2+ release (CICR) via the type 1 ryanodine receptor (RyR1) in skeletal muscles.
 In this study, we analyzed the genomic DNAs prepared for determination of all the 106 exons of the RyR1 gene from blood samples donated by two MH patients with extremely high CICR rates in their biopsied skeletal muscles and a clear history of MH incidence.
 Two novel point mutations were found in the exons 96 and 101 with alterations in the coded amino acids within the C-terminal channel region, i.e., Pro4668 to Ser and Leu4838 to Val.
 The latter mutation was found in both MH patients.
 Rabbit RyR1 channels carrying corresponding mutations were expressed in CHO cells for functional assay.
 It was found that the L to V but not the P to S mutation of the RyR1 resulted in enhanced Ca2+ release activity.
 These results indicate that the L4838V mutation is responsible for the MH incidence.
 The L4838V mutation is unique because it is the mutation first found within a hydrophobic transmembrane segment of the channel region and should provide further information on the function of the RyR1 as well as for genetic diagnosis of MH.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;The ryanodine receptor of the skeletal muscle (RYR1) seems to be of outstanding importance in the pathogenesis of malignant hyperthermia (MH).
 It has been shown that point mutations in the RYR1 gene are strongly associated with the MH phenotype.
 A correctly determined phenotype is the basic prerequisite for adequate genetic MH screening.
 In this study we examined only those MH susceptible patients for the presence of potential RYR1 mutations who showed strong pathological muscle responses in the in vitro contracture test (IVCT).
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;A total of 56 MHS index patients who complied with the following IVCT criteria were included in the molecular genetic investigation: Contracture forces &gt; or =4 mN at a caffeine concentration of 2.0 mmol/l and &gt; or =8 mN at a halothane concentration of 0.44 mmol/l.
 DNA sequences of exons 2, 6, 9, 11, 12, 14, 15, 17, 39, 40, 45, 46, 102 of the RYR1 gene were analysed by the direct sequencing technique.
 Furthermore, if an MH mutation was identified in an index patient, all relatives were screened for their family specific RYR1 defect.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;In 39 index patients an RYR1 mutation was detected: Arg163Cys (n = 2), Asp166Asn (n = 1), Gly341Arg (n = 2), Arg401His (n = 2), Arg614Cys (n = 12), Asp2129Glu (n = 1),Vol2168Met (n = 1), Thr2206Met (n = 9), Ala2428Thr (n = 1), Gly2434Arg (n = 2), Arg2435His (n = 1), Arg2452Trp (n = 1), Arg2454His (n = 4).
 Three new RYR1 mutations were identified.
 We found a potential MH mutation in a further 130 relatives of the 39 index patients.
 Thirty-seven individuals were classified as MHS exclusively by molecular genetic techniques and did not have to undergo the IVCT.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The ascertained high rate of successful MH mutation screening (69.64%) is obviously associated with the more clearly defined MHS diagnosis in the IVCT.
 According to the EMHG guidelines for the molecular genetic detection of MH susceptibility, a positive MH disposition could be determined in numerous persons by a less invasive technique.
Mutation screening in the ryanodine receptor 1 gene (RYR1) in patients susceptible to malignant hyperthermia who show definite IVCT results: identification of three novel mutations.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is rarely associated with specific myopathies or musculoskeletal abnormalities.
 Three clinical investigations of MH associated with either non-specific myopathies or congenital disorders in three separate families are presented.
 Two of these cases also show evidence of exercise-induced rhabdomyolysis.
 In each case MH susceptibility was confirmed by in vitro contracture testing of quadriceps muscle.
 DNA sequence analysis of each kindred revealed the presence of a common novel mutation that results in an arginine401-cysteine substitution in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1).
 Haplotype analysis using chromosome 19q markers indicated that the three families are likely to be unrelated, providing confirmation that the MH/central core disease region 1 of RYR1 is a mutation hot spot.
Malignant hyperthermia associated with exercise-induced rhabdomyolysis or congenital abnormalities and a novel RYR1 mutation in New Zealand and Australian pedigrees.
Clinical and molecular characterization of patients with catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Mutations in the cardiac ryanodine receptor gene (RyR2) underlie catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT), an inherited arrhythmogenic disease occurring in the structurally intact heart.
 The proportion of patients with CPVT carrying RyR2 mutations is unknown, and the clinical features of RyR2-CPVT as compared with nongenotyped CPVT are undefined.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods and results&lt;/h4&gt;Patients with documented polymorphic ventricular arrhythmias occurring during physical or emotional stress with a normal heart entered the study.
 The clinical phenotype of the 30 probands and of 118 family members was evaluated, and mutation screening on the RyR2 gene was performed.
 Arrhythmias documented in probands were: 14 of 30 bidirectional ventricular tachycardia, 12 of 30 polymorphic ventricular tachycardia, and 4 of 30 catecholaminergic idiopathic ventricular fibrillation; RyR2 mutations were identified in 14 of 30 probands (36% bidirectional ventricular tachycardia, 58% polymorphic ventricular tachycardia, 50% catecholaminergic idiopathic ventricular fibrillation) and in 9 family members (4 silent gene carriers).
 Genotype-phenotype analysis showed that patients with RyR2 CPVT have events at a younger age than do patients with nongenotyped CPVT and that male sex is a risk factor for syncope in RyR2-CPVT (relative risk=4.2).
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;CPVT is a clinically and genetically heterogeneous disease manifesting beyond pediatric age with a spectrum of polymorphic arrhythmias.
 beta-Blockers reduce arrhythmias, but in 30% of patients an implantable defibrillator may be required.
 Genetic analysis identifies two groups of patients: Patients with nongenotyped CPVT are predominantly women and become symptomatic later in life; patients with RyR2 CPVT become symptomatic earlier, and men are at higher risk of cardiac events.
 These data provide a rationale for prompt evaluation and treatment of young men with RyR2 mutations.
&lt;h4&gt;Objectives&lt;/h4&gt;We sought to establish the role of genetic screening for ryanodine receptor type 2 (RyR2) gene mutations in families with effort-induced polymorphic ventricular arrhythmia (PVA), syncope and juvenile sudden death.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;The RyR2 mutations have been associated with PVA, syncope and sudden death in response to physical or emotional stress.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;We studied 81 subjects (39 males and 42 females; mean age 31 +/-20 years) belonging to eight families with pathogenic RyR2 mutations.
 All subjects underwent screening for RyR2 mutations, electrocardiography (ECG), 24-h Holter monitoring, signal-averaged electrocardiography (SAECG), two-dimensional echocardiography and exercise stress testing.
 Electrophysiologic (EP) study was performed in nine patients.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Six different RyR2 mutations were found in eight families.
 Forty-three family members carried the gene mutation.
 Of these, 28 (65%) showed effort-induced arrhythmic symptoms or signs and one died suddenly during follow-up.
 Family history revealed 19 juvenile cases of sudden death during effort or emotion.
 In two families sharing the same mutation, no subject presented with PVA during the stress test; thus, sudden death and syncope were the only clinical manifestations.
 The 12-lead ECG was normal in all but two subjects, whereas five patients showed positive late potentials on the SAECG.
 In 17 (39.5%) of 43 subjects, the two-dimensional echocardiogram revealed localized kinetic abnormalities and mild structural alterations of the right ventricle.
 The EP study was not able to induce PVA.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The absence of symptoms and PVA on the stress test in more than one-third of carriers of RyR2 mutations, as well as the lack of PVA inducibility by the EP study, underlies the importance of genetic screening for the early diagnosis of asymptomatic carriers and prevention of sudden death.
Screening for ryanodine receptor type 2 mutations in families with effort-induced polymorphic ventricular arrhythmias and sudden death: early diagnosis of asymptomatic carriers.
Multi-minicore disease is an autosomal recessive congenital myopathy characterized by the presence of multiple, short-length core lesions (minicores) in both muscle fiber types.
 These lesions being nonspecific and the clinical phenotype being heterogeneous, multi-minicore disease boundaries remain unclear.
 To identify its genetic basis, we performed a genome-wide screening in a consanguineous Algerian family in which three children presented in infancy with moderate weakness predominant in axial muscles, pelvic girdle and hands, joint hyperlaxity (hand involvement phenotype), and multiple minicores.
 We mapped the disease to chromosome 19q13 in this family and, subsequently, in three additional families showing a similar phenotype, with a maximum LOD score of 5.19 for D19S570.
 This locus was excluded in 16 other multi-minicore disease families with predominantly axial weakness, scoliosis, and respiratory insufficiency ("classical" phenotype).
 In the Algerian family, we identified a novel homozygous missense mutation (P3527S) in the ryanodine receptor type 1 gene, a positional candidate gene responsible for the autosomal dominant congenital myopathy central core disease.
 New muscle biopsies from the three patients at adulthood demonstrated typical central core disease with rods; no cores were found in the healthy parents.
 This subgroup of families linked to 19q13 represents the first variant of central core disease with genetically proven recessive inheritance and transient presentation as multi-minicore disease.
A recessive form of central core disease, transiently presenting as multi-minicore disease, is associated with a homozygous mutation in the ryanodine receptor type 1 gene.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is an autosomal dominant disorder that predisposes susceptible individuals to a potentially life-threatening crisis when exposed to commonly used anesthetics.
 Mutations in the skeletal muscle calcium release channel, ryanodine receptor (RYR1) are associated with MH in over 50% of affected families.
 Linkage analysis of the RYR1 gene region at 19q13 was performed in a large Brazilian family and a distinct disease co-segregating haplotype was revealed in the majority of members with diagnosis of MH.
 Subsequent sequencing of RYR1 mutational hot spots revealed a nucleotide substitution of C to T at position 7062, causing a novel amino acid change from Arg2355 to Cys associated with MH in the family.
 Haplotype analysis of the RYR1 gene area at 19q13 in the family with multiple MH members is an important tool in identification of genetic cause underlying this disease.
Novel skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor mutation in a large Brazilian family with malignant hyperthermia.
Central core disease (CCD) is a congenital myopathy due to dominant mutations in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1).
 The authors report three patients from two consanguineous families with symptoms of a congenital myopathy, cores on muscle biopsy, and confirmed linkage to the RYR1 locus.
 Molecular genetic studies in one family identified a V4849I homozygous missense mutation in the RYR1 gene.
 This report suggests a congenital myopathy associated with recessive RYR1 mutations.
Autosomal recessive inheritance of RYR1 mutations in a congenital myopathy with cores.
Mutations in the ryanodine receptor type 1 (RYR1) gene are associated with Malignant Hyperthermia (MH) and Central Core Disease (CCD).
 We report here on the molecular analysis of the RYR1 gene in Italian families referred as potential cases of MH or in patients with CCD or multicore/minicore myopathy.
 Of a total of 20 individuals with mutations in the RYR1 gene, 14 were part of a group of 47 MH susceptible (MHS) patients, 4 of 34 individuals diagnosed as MH equivocal (MHE), and 2 were patients diagnosed with minicore myopathy and CCD, respectively.
 Mutations were found to segregate with the MHS or MHE phenotype within the families of the probands.
 A discordance between phenotype and genotype was observed in a family where a mutation detected in an MHS proband was also found in the father who had been diagnosed MH normal (MHN) at the IVCT.
 In addition to known mutations, seven novel mutations were found, five of which occurred in exons encoding the C-terminal region of RYR1.
 These results indicate that the C-terminal region of RYR1 represents an additional hot spot for mutations in patients with MH, similar to what has been reported for patients with CCD.
Mutations in the RYR1 gene in Italian patients at risk for malignant hyperthermia: evidence for a cluster of novel mutations in the C-terminal region.
In Jurkat T cells, the type 3 ryanodine receptor (RyR) was knocked-down by stable integration of plasmid expressing type 3 ryanodine receptor antisense RNA.
 Stable integration of the antisense plasmid in individual clones was demonstrated by PCR of genomic DNA, expression of antisense RNA by reverse transcriptase PCR, and efficiently reduced expression of type 3 ryanodine receptor protein by Western blot.
 Selected clones were successfully used to analyze T cell receptor/CD3 complex-mediated Ca(2+) signaling.
 Reduced expression of the type 3 RyR resulted in (i) significantly decreased Ca(2+) signaling in the sustained phase and (ii) in permeabilized cells in a significantly impaired response toward cyclic ADP-ribose but not to d-myo-inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate.
 For the first time, the role of the type 3 RyR in sustained Ca(2+) signaling was directly visualized by confocal Ca(2+) imaging as a significant contribution to the number and the magnitude of subcellular Ca(2+) signals.
 These data suggest that the type 3 ryanodine receptor is essential in the sustained Ca(2+) response in T cells.
Knock-down of the type 3 ryanodine receptor impairs sustained Ca2+ signaling via the T cell receptor/CD3 complex.
Presence of two different genetic traits in malignant hyperthermia families: implication for genetic analysis, diagnosis, and incidence of malignant hyperthermia susceptibility.
BACKGROUND:Malignant hyperthermia susceptibility (MHS), an uncommon syndrome often inherited as an autosomal dominant trait, is characterized by a genetic and clinical heterogeneity.
 In this article, the authors described six pedigrees in which both parents of MHS patients were diagnosed with MHS by an diagnostic test.
 Haplotype and mutation analysis revealed that more than one MHS genetic trait was present in these families.
 METHODS:A panel of 104 MHS families were investigated with a caffeine halothane contracture test on muscle biopsy specimens.
 When possible, blood creatine kinase concentrations of MHS patients were measured.
 Haplotyping studies were conducted with chromosome 19q13.2 polymorphic markers and mutations were searched for in patients' DNA.
 RESULTS:In six families, the diagnostic test and genetic studies demonstrated that both, apparently unrelated, parents of MHS patients were MHS.
 In three families, homozygous or compound heterozygous individuals for RYR1 mutations were characterized at a molecular level.
 In one family, a compound heterozygous patient harboring a RYR1 mutation and a CACNA1S mutation was identified.
 While patients with two mutated alleles did not show differences in their muscle response to halothane or caffeine, their creatinine kinase concentrations were significantly elevated compared with the heterozygous patients.
 CONCLUSIONS:Based on genetic and diagnostic test data, more than one MHS allele associated with the MHS phenotype was evidenced in four families.
 These data should be considered in view of the use of genetics for the diagnosis of MHS and when reaching conclusions of genetic heterogeneity in MHS families.
 Taking into account the usual dominant mode of transmission of MHS and the size of the investigated population, the authors propose an evaluation of the incidence of the MHS in the general population based on genetic data.
The congenital myopathies are a group of disorders characterised by the predominance of specific histological features observed in biopsied muscle.
 Central core disease and nemaline myopathy are examples of congenital myopathies that have specific histological characteristics but significantly overlapping clinical pictures.
 Central core disease is an autosomal dominant disorder with variable penetrance which has been linked principally to the gene for the skeletal muscle calcium release channel (RYR1).
 Two recent reports have identified the 3' transmembrane domain of this gene as a common site for mutations.
 Two other studies have reported single families that have features of both central core disease and nemaline myopathy (core/rod disease) caused by mutations in RYR1.
 Screening of the 3' region (exons 93-105) of the RYR1 gene for mutations in 27 apparently unrelated patients with either central core disease or core/rod disease by single strand conformation polymorphism analysis and DNA sequencing identified three described and nine novel mutations in 15 patients.
Principal mutation hotspot for central core disease and related myopathies in the C-terminal transmembrane region of the RYR1 gene.
We have identified a patient affected by a relatively severe form of central core disease (CCD), carrying a heterozygous deletion (amino acids 4863-4869) in the pore-forming region of the sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium release channel.
 The functional effect of this deletion was investigated (i) in lymphoblastoid cells from the affected patient and her mother, who was also found to harbour the mutation and (ii) in HEK293 cells expressing recombinant mutant channels.
 Lymphoblastoid cells carrying the RYR1 deletion exhibit an 'unprompted' calcium release from intracellular stores, resulting in significantly smaller thapsigargin-sensitive intracellular Ca(2+) stores, compared with lymphoblastoid cells from control individuals.
 Blocking the RYR1 with dantrolene restored the intracellular calcium stores to levels similar to those found in control cells.
 Single channel and [(3)H]ryanodine binding measurements of heterologously expressed mutant channels revealed a reduced ion conductance and loss of ryanodine binding and regulation by Ca(2+).
 Heterologous expression of recombinant RYR1 peptides and analysis of their membrane topology demonstrate that the deleted amino acids are localized in the lumenal loop connecting membrane-spanning segments M8 and M10.
 We provide evidence that a deletion in the lumenal loop of RYR1 alters channel function and causes CCD.
Clinical and functional effects of a deletion in a COOH-terminal lumenal loop of the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor.
Scanning for mutations of the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene by denaturing HPLC: detection of three novel malignant hyperthermia alleles.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a fatal autosomal dominant pharmacogenetic disorder characterized by skeletal muscle hypertonicity that causes a sudden increase in body temperature after exposure to common anesthetic agents.
 The disease is genetically heterogeneous, with mutations in the gene encoding the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) at 19q13.1 accounting for up to 80% of the cases.
 To date, at least 42 RYR1 mutations have been described that cause MH and/or central core disease.
 Because the RYR1 gene is huge, containing 106 exons, molecular tests have focused on the regions that are more frequently mutated.
 Thus the causative defect has been identified in only a fraction of families as linked to chromosome 19q, whereas in others it remains undetected.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;We used denaturing HPLC (DHPLC) to analyze the RYR1 gene.
 We set up conditions to scan the 27 exons to identify both known and unknown mutations in critical regions of the protein.
 For each exon, we analyzed members from 52 families with positive in vitro contracture test results, but without preliminary selection by linkage analysis.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;We identified seven different mutations in 11 MH families.
 Among them, three were novel MH alleles: Arg44Cys, Arg533Cys, and Val2117Leu.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;Because of its sensitivity and speed, DHPLC could be the method of choice for the detection of unknown mutations in the RYR1 gene.
A homozygous splicing mutation causing a depletion of skeletal muscle RYR1 is associated with multi-minicore disease congenital myopathy with ophthalmoplegia.
The ryanodine receptor (RYR1) is an essential component of the calcium homeostasis of the skeletal muscle in mammals.
 Inactivation of the RYR1 gene in mice is lethal at birth.
 In humans only missense and in-frame mutations in the RYR1 gene have been associated so far with various muscle disorders including malignant hyperthermia, central core disease and the moderate form of multi-minicore disease (MmD).
 We identified a cryptic splicing mutation in the RYR1 gene that resulted in a 90% decrease of the normal RYR1 transcript in skeletal muscle.
 The 14646+2.99 kb A--&gt;G mutation was associated with the classical form of MmD with ophthalmoplegia, whose genetic basis was previously unknown.
 The mutation present at a homozygous level was responsible for a massive depletion of the RYR1 protein in skeletal muscle.
 The mutation was not expressed in lymphoblastoid cells, pointing toward a tissue specific splicing mechanism.
 This first report of an out-of-frame mutation that affects the amount of RYR1 raised the question of the amount of RYR1 needed for skeletal muscle function in humans.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;To determine whether malignant hyperthermia (MH) susceptibility in a Canadian pedigree is associated with a mutation in the ryanodine receptor subtype 1 (RYR1) gene, the complete RYR1 transcript obtained from the leukocytes of one MH-susceptible family member was sequenced, using a newly developed protocol.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;RNA was extracted from leukocytes and converted into complementary DNA.
 Overlapping fragments of RYR1 complementary DNA were amplified by the polymerase chain reaction and used for double-strand sequencing to find a single mutation likely to be causal of MH susceptibility.
 Inheritance of the mutation in the family was studied by restriction endonuclease analysis and/or sequencing of genomic DNA and compared to available caffeine halothane contracture test data.
 The mutation was introduced into rabbit RYR1 complementary DNA, the complementary DNA was expressed in human embryonic kidney line 293 cells, and Ca2+ release by the mutant Ca2+ release channel was measured following the addition of caffeine and halothane.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;A novel arginine 328 to tryptophan mutation in RYR1 was detected by direct sequencing of the RYR1 transcript from leukocytes of one MH-susceptible individual.
 A causal role for this mutation in MH is indicated by cosegregation of the mutation with the MH-susceptible phenotype within the family and by the demonstration that the mutant channel has increased sensitivity to both caffeine and halothane.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The feasibility of using complete RYR1 transcripts from leukocytes for sequence analysis offers an efficient and noninvasive method for scanning RYR1 for novel mutations.
Detection of a novel ryanodine receptor subtype 1 mutation (R328W) in a malignant hyperthermia family by sequencing of a leukocyte transcript.
We studied seven patients (fetuses/infants) from six unrelated families affected by central core disease (CCD) and presenting with a fetal akinesia syndrome.
 Two fetuses died before birth (at 31 and 32 weeks) and five infants presented severe symptoms at birth (multiple arthrogryposis, congenital dislocation of the hips, severe hypotonia and hypotrophy, skeletal and feet deformities, kyphoscoliosis, etc.).
 Histochemical and ultrastructural studies of muscle biopsies confirmed the diagnosis of CCD showing unique large eccentric cores.
 Molecular genetic investigations led to the identification of mutations in the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene in three families, two with autosomal recessive (AR) and one with autosomal dominant (AD) inheritance.
 RYR1 gene mutations were located in the C-terminal domain in two families (AR and AD) and in the N-terminal domain of the third one (AR).
 This is the first report of mutations in the RYR1 gene involved in a severe form of CCD presenting as a fetal akinesia syndrome with AD and AR inheritances.
Dominant and recessive central core disease associated with RYR1 mutations and fetal akinesia.
The secreted protein discovery initiative (SPDI), a large-scale effort to identify novel human secreted and transmembrane proteins: a bioinformatics assessment.
A large-scale effort, termed the Secreted Protein Discovery Initiative (SPDI), was undertaken to identify novel secreted and transmembrane proteins.
 In the first of several approaches, a biological signal sequence trap in yeast cells was utilized to identify cDNA clones encoding putative secreted proteins.
 A second strategy utilized various algorithms that recognize features such as the hydrophobic properties of signal sequences to identify putative proteins encoded by expressed sequence tags (ESTs) from human cDNA libraries.
 A third approach surveyed ESTs for protein sequence similarity to a set of known receptors and their ligands with the BLAST algorithm.
 Finally, both signal-sequence prediction algorithms and BLAST were used to identify single exons of potential genes from within human genomic sequence.
 The isolation of full-length cDNA clones for each of these candidate genes resulted in the identification of &gt;1000 novel proteins.
 A total of 256 of these cDNAs are still novel, including variants and novel genes, per the most recent GenBank release version.
 The success of this large-scale effort was assessed by a bioinformatics analysis of the proteins through predictions of protein domains, subcellular localizations, and possible functional roles.
 The SPDI collection should facilitate efforts to better understand intercellular communication, may lead to new understandings of human diseases, and provides potential opportunities for the development of therapeutics.
Polymorphisms and deduced amino acid substitutions in the coding sequence of the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene in individuals with malignant hyperthermia.
Twenty-one polymorphic sequence variants of the RYR1 gene, including 13 restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs), were identified by sequence analysis of human ryanodine receptor (RYR1) cDNAs from three individuals predisposed to malignant hyperthermia (MH).
 All RFLPs were detectable in PCR-amplified products, and their segregation was consistent with our initial finding of linkage to MH in the nine families previously informative for one or more intragenic markers (MacLennan et al., 1990, Nature 343:559-561).
 Four amino acid substitutions were identified in the study: Arg for Gly248, Cys for Arg470, Leu for Pro1785, and Cys for Gly2059.
 Of 45 families tested, a single family presented the Arg for Gly248 substitution where it segregated with malignant hyperthermia, making it a candidate mutation for predisposition to MH in man.
 The other three polymorphic substitutions failed to segregate with malignant hyperthermia in those families in which they occurred, implying that they represent polymorphisms with little or no effect on the function of the RYR1 gene.
Mutations of two myocardial calcium signaling molecules, ryanodine receptor 2 (RYR2) and calsequestrin 2 (CASQ2), may cause catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT), a severe inherited arrhythmic disease manifesting with salvoes of exercise-induced bidirectional and polymorphic tachycardias.
 We screened 12 Finnish CPVT probands for mutations in these genes and identified three novel RYR2 mutations (V2306I, P4902L, R4959Q), which were absent in unaffected and control individuals.
 Although no obvious disease-causing mutations were identified in the CASQ2 gene, the molecular screening revealed two novel amino-acid polymorphisms (T66A and V76M).
 The frequencies of these polymorphisms in 185 unrelated probands with long QT syndrome and in 280 healthy blood donors were not significantly different.
 These data, combined with our previous findings, show that RYR2 mutations are present in at least 6/16 (38%) of the catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia families, while CASQ2 mutations must be a rare cause of CPVT.
Molecular genetics of exercise-induced polymorphic ventricular tachycardia: identification of three novel cardiac ryanodine receptor mutations and two common calsequestrin 2 amino-acid polymorphisms.
Central core disease (CCD) is a dominantly inherited congenital myopathy allelic to malignant hyperthermia (MH) caused by mutations in the RYR1 gene on chromosome 19q13.1.
 Eleven individuals with RYR1 mutations are described.
 Four index cases showed features consistent with a congenital myopathy (hypotonia, delayed motor milestones, and skeletal abnormalities including congenital hip dislocation and scoliosis).
 All four cases and subsequently seven other family members were found to possess novel mutations in the RYR1 gene.
 The degree of disability varied from one clinically normal individual, to another who had never achieved independent ambulation (the only patient with a de novo mutation).
 Four cases showed a mild reduction in vital capacity, repeated nocturnal polysomnography showed hypoxaemia in one case.
 A variety of muscle biopsy features were found; central cores were absent in the youngest case, and the biopsy specimens from two others were more suggestive of mini-core myopathy.
 In all cases missense mutations in exons 101, 102, and 103 of the RYR1 gene on were found.
 Future laboratory diagnosis of suspected cases and family members will be less invasive and more accurate with DNA analysis.
 Clinicians, especially paediatricians and orthopaedic surgeons, should be aware of this disorder because of the potential risk of MH.
Central core disease: clinical, pathological, and genetic features.
Complete sequencing and characterization of 21,243 full-length human cDNAs.
As a base for human transcriptome and functional genomics, we created the "full-length long Japan" (FLJ) collection of sequenced human cDNAs.
 We determined the entire sequence of 21,243 selected clones and found that 14,490 cDNAs (10,897 clusters) were unique to the FLJ collection.
 About half of them (5,416) seemed to be protein-coding.
 Of those, 1,999 clusters had not been predicted by computational methods.
 The distribution of GC content of nonpredicted cDNAs had a peak at approximately 58% compared with a peak at approximately 42%for predicted cDNAs.
 Thus, there seems to be a slight bias against GC-rich transcripts in current gene prediction procedures.
 The rest of the cDNAs unique to the FLJ collection (5,481) contained no obvious open reading frames (ORFs) and thus are candidate noncoding RNAs.
 About one-fourth of them (1,378) showed a clear pattern of splicing.
 The distribution of GC content of noncoding cDNAs was narrow and had a peak at approximately 42%, relatively low compared with that of protein-coding cDNAs.
BACKGROUND: Histological anomalies associated with malignant hyperthermia (MH) have been scarcely reported.
 In some patients susceptible to MH (MHS), central cores have been identified and a genetic association has been proposed, but multiminicore lesions have not been systematically reported.
 OBJECTIVE: To analyze the association between multiminicores and MHS in a large family with MH with an approach combining histology, in vitro contracture tests, and genetic analysis.
 PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-nine members of an MH family (147 members) were investigated.
 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Muscle biopsy specimens were analyzed histologically and with in vitro contracture tests.
 Genetic analyses were performed to determine the presence of mutations in the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene.
 RESULTS: According to the gold standard in vitro contracture tests, 17 patients were diagnosed as having MHS and 10 as not being susceptible.
 Multiminicores were found in 16 of the 17 MHS patients and in a single nonsusceptible participant.
 A linkage between the MH trait and the RYR1 locus in chromosome 19 was demonstrated, whereas no already known mutations were found.
 Two missense heterozygous mutations (R2676W and T2787S) were identified from sequencing of the entire coding complementary DNA.
 Overall, we found a significant association between MHS and the presence of multiminicores (chi(2) = 26.5, P&lt;.001) on the one hand and the presence of new mutations in the RYR1 gene (chi(2) = 19.0, P&lt;.001) on the other hand.
 This remarkably high occurrence of multiminicores in an MHS family is uncommon, and genetic analyses indicate that the association between multiminicores and MHS is linked to a novel R2656W and T2787S substitution present on the same allele of the RYR1 gene.
 CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that multiminicore lesions are observed in MHS patients with neither clinical signs related to multiminicore disease nor histological features of congenital myopathies.
 These multiminicore lesions may be secondary to mutations in the RYR1 gene.
 As a consequence, these patients must be distinguished from patients with multiminicore disease and from other MHS patients for whom multiminicores are not observed.
Multiminicore disease in a family susceptible to malignant hyperthermia: histology, in vitro contracture tests, and genetic characterization.
RYR1 mutations in UK central core disease patients: more than just the C-terminal transmembrane region of the RYR1 gene.
Gene symbol: RYR2.
 Disease: effort-induced polymorphic ventricular arrhythmias.
Gene symbol: RYR2.
 Disease: effort-induced polymorphic ventricular arrhythmias.
The DNA sequence and biology of human chromosome 19.
Chromosome 19 has the highest gene density of all human chromosomes, more than double the genome-wide average.
 The large clustered gene families, corresponding high G + C content, CpG islands and density of repetitive DNA indicate a chromosome rich in biological and evolutionary significance.
 Here we describe 55.8 million base pairs of highly accurate finished sequence representing 99.9% of the euchromatin portion of the chromosome.
 Manual curation of gene loci reveals 1,461 protein-coding genes and 321 pseudogenes.
 Among these are genes directly implicated in mendelian disorders, including familial hypercholesterolaemia and insulin-resistant diabetes.
 Nearly one-quarter of these genes belong to tandemly arranged families, encompassing more than 25% of the chromosome.
 Comparative analyses show a fascinating picture of conservation and divergence, revealing large blocks of gene orthology with rodents, scattered regions with more recent gene family expansions and deletions, and segments of coding and non-coding conservation with the distant fish species Takifugu.
The actin-myosin contractile apparatus consists of several thick filament and thin filament proteins.
 Specific regulatory mechanisms are involved in this highly ordered process.
 In this paper, we reported the identification and characterization of a novel myofibrillogenesis regulator, MR-1.
 The MR-1 gene was cloned from human skeletal muscle cDNA library by using a strategy that involves EST data base searching, PCR and RACE.
 The MR-1 gene is located on human chromosome 2q35 and encodes a 142 aa protein.
 Northern blot revealed that the mRNA level of MR-1 was highest in the skeletal muscle and certain level of MR-1 expression was also observed in heart, liver and kidney.
 Immunohistochemical assay confirmed that the MR-1 protein existed in human myocardial myofibrils.
 It was found by yeast two-hybrid screening and confirmed by in vitro binding assay that MR-1 could interact with sarcomeric proteins, such as myosin regulatory light chain, myomesin 1 and beta-enolase.
 These studies suggested that MR-1 might play a regulatory role in the muscle cell and it was worth investigating further.
Characterization of MR-1, a novel myofibrillogenesis regulator in human muscle.
Transactivating effect of hepatitis C virus core protein: a suppression subtractive hybridization study.
&lt;h4&gt;Aim&lt;/h4&gt;To investigate the transactivating effect of hepatitis C virus (HCV) core protein and to screen genes transactivated by HCV core protein.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;pcDNA3.1(-)-core containing full-length HCV core gene was constructed by insertion of HCV core gene into EcoRI/BamHI site.
 HepG2 cells were cotransfected with pcDNA3.1(-)-core and pSV-lacZ.
 After 48 h, cells were collected and detected for the expression of beta-gal by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kit.
 HepG2 cells were transiently transfected with pcDNA3.1(-)-core using Lipofectamine reagent.
 Cells were collected and total mRNA was isolated.
 A subtracted cDNA library was generated and constructed into a pGEM-Teasy vector.
 The library was amplified with E.
 coli strain JM109.
 The cDNAs were sequenced and analyzed in GenBank with BLAST search after polymerase chain reaction (PCR).
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;The core mRNA and protein could be detected in HepG2 cell lysate which was transfected by the pcDNA3.1(-)-core.
 The activity of beta-galactosidase in HepG2 cells transfected by the pcDNA3.1(-)-core was 5.4 times higher than that of HepG2 cells transfected by control plasmid.
 The subtractive library of genes transactivated by HCV core protein was constructed successfully.
 The amplified library contained 233 positive clones.
 Colony PCR showed that 213 clones contained 100-1 000 bp inserts.
 Sequence analysis was performed in 63 clones.
 Six of the sequences were unknown genes.
 The full length sequences were obtained with bioinformatics method, accepted by GenBank.
 It was suggested that six novel cDNA sequences might be target genes transactivated by HCV core protein.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;The core protein of HCV has transactivating effects on SV40 early promoter/enhancer.
 A total of 63 clones from cDNA library were randomly chosen and sequenced.
 Using the BLAST program at the National Center for Biotechnology Information, six of the sequences were unknown genes.
 The other 57 sequences were highly similar to known genes.
Mutation analysis of two patients with hypokalemic periodic paralysis and suspected malignant hyperthermia.
Hypokalemic periodic paralysis (HypoPP) and malignant hyperthermia (MH) are autosomal-dominant genetically heterogeneous ion channelopathies.
 MH has been described in patients with HypoPP, suggesting a potential link between these disorders.
 However, a common genetic determinant has not been described.
 With the aim of corroborating this association, four candidate genes were screened in two independent HypoPP patients, one of whom was also diagnosed as MH-susceptible and the other as MH-normal by the in vitro contracture test (IVCT).
 An A&gt;G change at nucleotide 7025 was detected in the RYR1 gene in the HypoPP/MH-susceptible patient.
 Detection of the same mutation in three independent MH families suggested that 7025A&gt;G represents a novel MH-susceptibility allele and that MH and HypoPP occurred independently in the case presented.
 Conclusive evidence in support of the hypothesis that MH and HypoPP are allelic was therefore not obtained.
Myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 gene mutations cause paroxysmal dystonic choreoathetosis.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Paroxysmal dystonic choreoathetosis (PDC) is characterized by attacks of involuntary movements that occur spontaneously while at rest and following caffeine or alcohol consumption.
 Previously, we and others identified a locus for autosomal dominant PDC on chromosome 2q33-2q35.
&lt;h4&gt;Objective&lt;/h4&gt;To identify the PDC gene.
&lt;h4&gt;Design&lt;/h4&gt;Analysis of PDC positional candidate genes by exon sequencing and reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction.
&lt;h4&gt;Setting&lt;/h4&gt;Outpatient clinical and molecular genetic laboratory at a university hospital.
 Patients Affected (n = 12) and unaffected (n = 26) subjects from 2 unrelated families with PDC and 105 unrelated control subjects.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;We identified missense mutations in the myofibrillogenesis regulator gene (MR-1) in affected subjects in 2 unrelated PDC kindreds.
 These mutations were absent in control subjects and caused substitutions of valine for alanine at amino acid positions 7 and 9.
 The substitutions disturb interspecies conserved residues and are predicted to alter the MR-1 gene's amino-terminal alpha helix.
 The MR-1 exon containing these mutations (exon 1) was expressed only in the brain, a finding that explains the brain-specific symptoms of subjects with these mutations.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;Although MR-1 gene function is unknown, the precedence of ion channel disturbance in other episodic neurologic disorders suggests that the pathophysiologic features of PDC also involve abnormal ion localization.
 The discovery that MR-1 mutations underlie PDC provides opportunities to explore this condition's pathophysiologic characteristics and may provide insight into the causes of other paroxysmal neurologic disorders as well as the neurophysiologic mechanisms of alcohol and caffeine, which frequently precipitate PDC attacks.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a pharmacogenetic disorder of skeletal muscle, manifested as a life-threatening hypermetabolic crisis after exposure to anesthetics.
 Type I ryanodine receptor 1 is the primary gene responsible for susceptibility to MH as well as central core disease, a congenital myopathy that predisposes susceptibility to MH.
 More than 40 mutations in the RyR1 gene cluster in three coding regions: the N-terminus, central, and C-terminus regions.
 However, the frequency of mutations in each region has not been studied in the North American MH-susceptible population.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;The authors tested 124 unrelated patients with MH susceptibility for the presence of mutations in the N-terminus (exons 2, 6, 9, 11, 12, and 17), central (exons 39, 40, 44, 45, and 46), and C-terminus (exons 95, 100, 101, and 102) regions.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Fourteen mutations have been identified in 29 of 124 MH-susceptible patients (23%).
 Approximately 70% of the mutations, which include a novel mutation, Ala 2437Val, were in the central region.
 In 8 patients (28%), mutations were identified in the N-terminus region.
 Screening the C-terminus region yielded a novel mutation, Leu4824Pro, in a single patient with a diagnosis of central core disease.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The detection rate for mutations is only 23% by screening mutations (or exons) listed in the 2002 North American consensus panel.
 The implications from this study suggest that testing the central region first is currently the most effective screening strategy for the North American population.
 Screening more exons in the three hot spots may be needed to find an accurate frequency of mutations in the RyR1 gene.
Malignant hyperthermia in North America: genetic screening of the three hot spots in the type I ryanodine receptor gene.
Spectrum and frequency of cardiac channel defects in swimming-triggered arrhythmia syndromes.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Swimming is a relatively genotype-specific arrhythmogenic trigger for type 1 long-QT syndrome (LQT1).
 We hypothesize that mimickers of concealed LQT1, namely catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT), may also underlie swimming-triggered cardiac events.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods and results&lt;/h4&gt;Between August 1997 and May 2003, 388 consecutive, unrelated patients were referred specifically for LQTS genetic testing.
 The presence of a personal and/or family history of a near-drowning or drowning was determined by review of the medical records and/or phone interviews and was blinded to genetic test results.
 Comprehensive mutational analysis of the 5 LQTS-causing channel genes, KCNQ1 (LQT1), KCNH2 (LQT2), SCN5A (LQT3), KCNE1 (LQT5), and KCNE2 (LQT6), along with KCNJ2 (Andersen-Tawil syndrome) and targeted analysis of 18 CPVT1-associated exons in RyR2, was performed with the use of denaturing high-performance liquid chromatography and direct DNA sequencing.
 Approximately 11% (43 of 388) of the index cases had a positive swimming phenotype.
 Thirty-three of these 43 index cases had a "Schwartz" score (&gt; or =4) suggesting high clinical probability of LQTS.
 Among this subset, 28 patients (85%) were LQT1, 2 patients (6%) were LQT2, and 3 were genotype negative.
 Among the 10 cases with low clinical probability for LQTS, 9 had novel, putative CPVT1-causing RyR2 mutations.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;In contrast to previous studies that suggested universal LQT1 specificity, genetic heterogeneity underlies channelopathies that are suspected chiefly because of a near-drowning or drowning.
 CPVT1 and strategic genotyping of RyR2 should be considered when LQT1 is excluded in the pathogenesis of a swimming-triggered arrhythmia syndrome.
The National Institutes of Health's Mammalian Gene Collection (MGC) project was designed to generate and sequence a publicly accessible cDNA resource containing a complete open reading frame (ORF) for every human and mouse gene.
 The project initially used a random strategy to select clones from a large number of cDNA libraries from diverse tissues.
 Candidate clones were chosen based on 5'-EST sequences, and then fully sequenced to high accuracy and analyzed by algorithms developed for this project.
 Currently, more than 11,000 human and 10,000 mouse genes are represented in MGC by at least one clone with a full ORF.
 The random selection approach is now reaching a saturation point, and a transition to protocols targeted at the missing transcripts is now required to complete the mouse and human collections.
 Comparison of the sequence of the MGC clones to reference genome sequences reveals that most cDNA clones are of very high sequence quality, although it is likely that some cDNAs may carry missense variants as a consequence of experimental artifact, such as PCR, cloning, or reverse transcriptase errors.
 Recently, a rat cDNA component was added to the project, and ongoing frog (Xenopus) and zebrafish (Danio) cDNA projects were expanded to take advantage of the high-throughput MGC pipeline.
The status, quality, and expansion of the NIH full-length cDNA project: the Mammalian Gene Collection (MGC).
Paroxysmal non-kinesigenic dyskinesia (PNKD) is characterized by spontaneous hyperkinetic attacks that are precipitated by alcohol, coffee, stress and fatigue.
 We report mutations in the myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 (MR-1) gene causing PNKD in 50 individuals from eight families.
 The mutations cause changes (Ala to Val) in the N-terminal region of two MR-1 isoforms.
 The MR-1L isoform is specifically expressed in brain and is localized to the cell membrane while the MR-1S isoform is ubiquitously expressed and shows diffuse cytoplasmic and nuclear localization.
 Bioinformatic analysis reveals that the MR-1 gene is homologous to the hydroxyacylglutathione hydrolase (HAGH) gene.
 HAGH functions in a pathway to detoxify methylglyoxal, a compound present in coffee and alcoholic beverages and produced as a by-product of oxidative stress.
 Our results suggest a mechanism whereby alcohol, coffee and stress may act as precipitants of attacks in PNKD.
 Stress response pathways will be important areas for elucidation of episodic disease genetics where stress is a common precipitant of many common disorders like epilepsy, migraine and cardiac arrhythmias.
The gene for paroxysmal non-kinesigenic dyskinesia encodes an enzyme in a stress response pathway.
&lt;h4&gt;Objective&lt;/h4&gt;To perform a molecular autopsy of the RyR2-encoded cardiac ryanodine receptor/calcium release channel in medical examiner/coroner's cases of sudden unexplained death (SUD).
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;From September 1998 to March 2004, 49 cases of SUD were referred by medical examiners/coroners to the Sudden Death Genomics Laboratory at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn, for a cardiac channel molecular autopsy.
 Mutational analysis of 18 exons of RyR2 implicated previously in the pathogenesis of catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT) was performed on genomic DNA using polymerase chain reaction, denaturing high-performance liquid chromatography, and direct DNA sequencing.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;This cohort of 49 cases of SUD included 30 males, 13 with a family history of syncope, cardiac arrest, or sudden cardiac death (mean +/- SD age at death, 14.2 +/-10.9 years).
 Six distinct RyR2 missense mutations (3 novel) were discovered in 7 cases (14%, 6 males, mean +/- SD age at death, 13.6 +/-11.2 years) of SUD.
 The activities at the time of SUD were exertion (3), emotion (1), and unknown (3).
 The mutations, R420W, S2246L, N4097S, E4146K, T4158P, and R4497C, involved nonconservative amino acid substitutions in highly conserved residues across species and were not seen in 400 reference alleles.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;This study represents the first molecular autopsy of RyR2 in medical examiner-referred cases of SUD.
 A targeted analysis of only 18 of the 105 protein-encoding exons of the cardiac ryanodine receptor/calcium release channel revealed potential CPVT1-causing RyR2 mutations in 1 of every 7 cases of SUD.
 These findings suggest that postmortem genetic testing of RyR2 should be considered as a part of the comprehensive medicolegal autopsy investigation of a SUD case and that this potentially heritable and often elusive arrhythmia syndrome be scrutinized carefully in family members of those who experience SUD.
Targeted mutational analysis of the RyR2-encoded cardiac ryanodine receptor in sudden unexplained death: a molecular autopsy of 49 medical examiner/coroner's cases.
Presence of alanine-to-valine substitutions in myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 in paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia: confirmation in 2 kindreds.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia (PNKD) is a rare disorder characterized by attacks of involuntary movements brought on by stress, alcohol, or caffeine, but not by movement.
 An autosomal dominant form of this disorder was mapped to chromosome 2q33-36, and different missense mutations in exon 1 of the myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 (MR1) gene were identified recently in 2 kindreds.
&lt;h4&gt;Objectives&lt;/h4&gt;To describe studies on a new pedigree with PNKD, to explore the possibility of locus heterogeneity, and to further delineate the spectrum of mutations in MR1 in 2 families with PNKD.
&lt;h4&gt;Design, setting, and patients&lt;/h4&gt;All 10 exons of MR1 were sequenced in DNA from members of 2 pedigrees with autosomal dominant PNKD.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Different missense mutations in exon 1 of MR1 that cosegregate with disease were identified in each multiplex family.
 These single-nucleotide mutations predicted substitution of valine for alanine in residue 7 in one family and residue 9 in the other.
 The same mutations were found in the only 2 families previously published.
 Family history and haplotype analysis make it unlikely that the families with the same mutations are related.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The function of MR1 is unknown, but the 2 mutations identified in the 4 families with PNKD studied to date are predicted to disrupt the amino terminal alpha-helix suggesting that this region of the gene is critical for proper gene function under stressful conditions.
 Study of additional families will be important to determine whether analysis of a single exon (MR1 exon 1) is sufficient for genetic testing purposes.
Correlations between genotype and pharmacological, histological, functional, and clinical phenotypes in malignant hyperthermia susceptibility.
Malignant hyperthermia susceptibility (MHS) is a subclinical pharmacogenetic disorder caused by an impairment of skeletal muscle calcium homeostasis in response to triggering agents.
 While in vitro contracture testing (IVCT) is the gold standard for defining MHS, molecular analysis is increasingly used to diagnosis MHS.
 Mutations associated with MHS have been reported in two genes: RYR1 and CACNA1S.
 Mutations in RYR1 are also responsible for central core disease (CCD), a myopathy that can be associated with a positive IVCT response.
 We report here the results of correlation studies performed with molecular, pharmacological, histological, and functional data obtained in 175 families (referred to as confirmed (129) or potential (46) MHS families).
 Extensive molecular analysis allowed us to identify a variant in 60% of the confirmed MHS families, and resulted in the characterization of 11 new variants in the RYR1 gene.
 Most mutations clustered to MH1 and MH2 domains of RYR1.
 Functional analysis allowed us to assign a causative role for seven MHS mutations that we propose to add to the panel of MHS mutations used for genetic testing.
 The use of genetic data to determine MHS status led to a 99.5% sensitivity for IVCT.
 IVCT-positive/mutation-negative diagnoses were analyzed not only in terms of specificity for IVCT, but also to assess the presence of a second MHS trait in families, and the genetic heterogeneity of the disease.
 Histological analyses revealed the presence of cores in more than 20% of muscle biopsies originating from 242 genotyped and tested MHS patients who did not present with clinical symptoms.
 This indicates that these patients must be considered as MHS patients with cores, and are clearly differentiated from CCD patients who have been tested positive for MHS.
Spectrum and prevalence of cardiac ryanodine receptor (RyR2) mutations in a cohort of unrelated patients referred explicitly for long QT syndrome genetic testing.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Mutations in the RyR2-encoded cardiac ryanodine receptor/calcium release channel cause type 1 catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT1).
&lt;h4&gt;Objectives&lt;/h4&gt;Because CPVT and concealed long QT syndrome (LQTS) phenotypically mimic one other, we sought to determine the spectrum and prevalence of RyR2 mutations in a cohort of unrelated patients who were referred specifically for LQTS genetic testing.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;Using denaturing high-performance liquid chromatography and direct DNA sequencing, targeted mutational analysis of 23 RyR2 exons previously implicated in CPVT1 was performed on genomic DNA from 269 unrelated patients (180 females, average age at diagnosis 24 +/-17 years) who were referred to Mayo Clinic's Sudden Death Genomics Laboratory for LQTS genetic testing.
 Previously, comprehensive mutational analysis of the five LQTS-associated cardiac channel genes proved negative for this entire subset of patients now designated as "genotype-negative" LQTS referrals.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Fifteen distinct RyR2 mutations (14 missense, 1 duplication/insertion, 12 novel) were found in 17 (6.3%) of 269 patients.
 None of these mutations were present in 400 reference alleles.
 Two mutations localized to the calstabin-2 (FKBP12.6) binding domain.
 Upon review of the clinical records, the referral diagnosis for all 17 patients was "atypical" or "borderline" LQTS.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;Putative pathogenic CPVT1-causing mutations in RyR2 were detected in 6% of unrelated, genotype-negative LQTS referrals.
 These findings suggest that CPVT may be underrecognized among physicians referring patients because of a suspected channelopathy.
 A diagnosis of "atypical LQTS" may warrant consideration of CPVT and analysis of RyR2 if the standard cardiac channel gene screen for LQTS is negative.
Minicore myopathy with ophthalmoplegia caused by mutations in the ryanodine receptor type 1 gene.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Minicore myopathy (multi-minicore disease [MmD]) is a congenital myopathy characterized by multifocal areas with loss of oxidative activity on muscle biopsy.
 MmD is clinically heterogeneous and distinct phenotypes have been associated with recessive mutations in either the selenoprotein N (SEPN1) or the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene, also implicated in central core disease and malignant hyperthermia.
 External ophthalmoplegia is an additional finding in a subset of patients with MmD.
&lt;h4&gt;Objective&lt;/h4&gt;To clinically and genetically examine families with MmD and external ophthalmoplegia.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;The authors investigated 11 affected individuals from 5 unrelated families.
 Clinical, histopathologic, and imaging studies were performed and RYR1 haplotyping and mutational analysis were carried out.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;All patients had multiple cores involving the entire fiber diameter on longitudinal sections.
 Weakness and wasting in the shoulder girdle, scoliosis, moderate respiratory impairment, and feeding difficulties were prominent.
 In contrast to SEPN1-related myopathies, soleus was more severely affected than gastrocnemius on muscle MRI.
 Haplotyping suggested linkage to the RYR1 locus in informative families and mutational screening revealed four novel RYR1 mutations in three unrelated families; in addition, functional haploinsufficiency was found in one allele of two recessive cases.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;These findings expand the phenotypic spectrum associated with mutations in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene.
 Recessive mutations of domains commonly affected in malignant hyperthermia appear to be particularly prevalent in multi-minicore disease with external ophthalmoplegia and might suggest a different pathomechanism from that involved in central core disease.
The substitutions of T for C1843 in the porcine ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene, which deletes a HinPI restriction endonuclease site and creates a HgiAI site, and of T for C1840 in human RYR1, which deletes a RsaI site, lead to Cys for Arg substitutions in the ryanodine receptors and are probable causal mutations for malignant hyperthermia (MH).
 To improve the restriction endonuclease assay of these sites, thereby providing an accurate, reliable diagnosis for MH, introns flanking the exon containing the mutation were sequenced, permitting identification and PCR amplification of a 659-bp porcine gene sequence that contains both constant and variant HgiAI sites and a 922-bp human gene sequence that contains both constant and variant RsaI sites.
 As a result, these PCR-amplified sequences contain constant internal controls for the reliable differentiation by restriction endonuclease digestion of normal, heterozygous, and MH genotypes.
Refinement of diagnostic assays for a probable causal mutation for porcine and human malignant hyperthermia.
Analysis of the DNA sequence and duplication history of human chromosome 15.
Here we present a finished sequence of human chromosome 15, together with a high-quality gene catalogue.
 As chromosome 15 is one of seven human chromosomes with a high rate of segmental duplication, we have carried out a detailed analysis of the duplication structure of the chromosome.
 Segmental duplications in chromosome 15 are largely clustered in two regions, on proximal and distal 15q; the proximal region is notable because recombination among the segmental duplications can result in deletions causing Prader-Willi and Angelman syndromes.
 Sequence analysis shows that the proximal and distal regions of 15q share extensive ancient similarity.
 Using a simple approach, we have been able to reconstruct many of the events by which the current duplication structure arose.
 We find that most of the intrachromosomal duplications seem to share a common ancestry.
 Finally, we demonstrate that some remaining gaps in the genome sequence are probably due to structural polymorphisms between haplotypes; this may explain a significant fraction of the gaps remaining in the human genome.
Two recurrent missense mutations (c.20C&gt;T: A7V; c.26C&gt;T: A9V) in the gene encoding the myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 (MR-1) have been shown to cause autosomal dominant paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia (PNKD) in 13 families of primarily European ancestry.
 Here we report an Omani PNKD family with seven affected family members and autosomal dominant inheritance.
 Our linkage analysis provided consistent positional evidence that the MR-1 gene could be the responsible disease gene.
 Sequence analysis identified a MR-1 missense mutation (c.20C&gt;T; A7V) in the affected family members, whereas it was not present in five unaffected family members and 129 population controls.
 Taking into account that previous haplotype analyses did not reveal evidence for common founders among several PNKD families, our present findings strengthen three implications: (1) autosomal dominant PNKD seems to be a homogenous disorder, for which the MR-1 gene is the major disease gene; (2) mainly two recurrent MR-1 missense mutations (57% V7, 43% V9) account for the genetic variance of familial PNKD; (3) it supports current evidence that some of the recurrent MR-1 mutations may have arisen independently by de novo mutation at functionally convergent key sites of the brain-specific MR-1L isoform.
Myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 gene (MR-1) mutation in an Omani family with paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia.
The DNA sequence and biological annotation of human chromosome 1.
The reference sequence for each human chromosome provides the framework for understanding genome function, variation and evolution.
 Here we report the finished sequence and biological annotation of human chromosome 1.
 Chromosome 1 is gene-dense, with 3,141 genes and 991 pseudogenes, and many coding sequences overlap.
 Rearrangements and mutations of chromosome 1 are prevalent in cancer and many other diseases.
 Patterns of sequence variation reveal signals of recent selection in specific genes that may contribute to human fitness, and also in regions where no function is evident.
 Fine-scale recombination occurs in hotspots of varying intensity along the sequence, and is enriched near genes.
 These and other studies of human biology and disease encoded within chromosome 1 are made possible with the highly accurate annotated sequence, as part of the completed set of chromosome sequences that comprise the reference human genome.
Paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia (PNKD) is characterized by attacks of dystonia or chorea lasting minutes to hours.
 Recently, mutations in the myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 gene (MR-1) have been identified in 10 unrelated PNKD kindreds.
 The authors describe a Canadian PNKD family who does not have mutations in the MR-1 gene and links to a separate locus at 2q31.
 This indicates that there are at least two different genes responsible for PNKD.
Genetic heterogeneity in paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia.
Clinical characteristics of paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia in Serbian family with Myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 gene mutation.
The aim of this study was to describe the clinical features of a large Serbian family with paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia (PNKD) and one of the two previously described mutations in the Myofibrillogenesis regulator 1 gene (MR-1), which causes an alanine-to-valine substitution at position 9.
 In 5 examined out of 12 affected family members, attacks of dyskinesias appeared in the first 6 months of life.
 Both frequency and severity of attacks showed an age-dependent incremental-decremental pattern with a peak between 13 to 15 years of age.
 They were frequently precipitated by stress, caffeine, fever, hunger, tiredness, as well as abrupt changes in temperature.
 Three of our patients differentiated two types of attacks: mild (120-180 minutes), with a predominance of functionally insignificant choreoathetoid movements, and severe ( approximately 15-30 minutes), characterized by disabling dystonic and choreic movements of the extremities, trunk, and face.
 Sleep was the most reliable factor to discontinue an attack.
 This Serbian family further demonstrates that recurrent MR-1 mutations are associated with PNKD worldwide, which will affect genetic testing.
Inheritance of a novel RYR1 mutation in a family with myotonic dystrophy type 1.
Central core disease due to recessive mutations in RYR1 gene: is it more common than described?
Central core disease (CCD) is an autosomal-dominant congenital myopathy, with muscle weakness and malignant hyperthermia (MH) susceptibility.
 We identified two of nine Brazilian CCD families carrying two mutations in the RYR1 gene.
 The heterozygous parents were clinically asymptomatic, and patients were mildly affected, differing from the few autosomal-recessive cases described previously.
 Recessive inheritance in CCD may therefore be more common than previously appreciated, which has important implications for genetic counseling and MH prevention in affected families.
Cellular responses to DNA damage are mediated by a number of protein kinases, including ATM (ataxia telangiectasia mutated) and ATR (ATM and Rad3-related).
 The outlines of the signal transduction portion of this pathway are known, but little is known about the physiological scope of the DNA damage response (DDR).
 We performed a large-scale proteomic analysis of proteins phosphorylated in response to DNA damage on consensus sites recognized by ATM and ATR and identified more than 900 regulated phosphorylation sites encompassing over 700 proteins.
 Functional analysis of a subset of this data set indicated that this list is highly enriched for proteins involved in the DDR.
 This set of proteins is highly interconnected, and we identified a large number of protein modules and networks not previously linked to the DDR.
 This database paints a much broader landscape for the DDR than was previously appreciated and opens new avenues of investigation into the responses to DNA damage in mammals.
ATM and ATR substrate analysis reveals extensive protein networks responsive to DNA damage.
A substitution of cysteine for arginine 614 in the ryanodine receptor is potentially causative of human malignant hyperthermia.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a devastating, potentially lethal response to anesthetics that occurs in genetically predisposed individuals.
 The skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene has been linked to porcine and human MH.
 Furthermore, a Cys for Arg substitution tightly linked to, and potentially causative of, porcine MH has been identified in the ryanodine receptor.
 Analysis of 35 human families predisposed to malignant hyperthermia has revealed the presence, and cosegregation with phenotype, of the corresponding substitution in a single family.
 This substitution, by analogy to the findings in pig, may be causal for predisposition to MH in this family.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;With the completion of the human genome sequence the functional analysis and characterization of the encoded proteins has become the next urging challenge in the post-genome era.
 The lack of comprehensive ORFeome resources has thus far hampered systematic applications by protein gain-of-function analysis.
 Gene and ORF coverage with full-length ORF clones thus needs to be extended.
 In combination with a unique and versatile cloning system, these will provide the tools for genome-wide systematic functional analyses, to achieve a deeper insight into complex biological processes.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Here we describe the generation of a full-ORF clone resource of human genes applying the Gateway cloning technology (Invitrogen).
 A pipeline for efficient cloning and sequencing was developed and a sample tracking database was implemented to streamline the clone production process targeting more than 2,200 different ORFs.
 In addition, a robust cloning strategy was established, permitting the simultaneous generation of two clone variants that contain a particular ORF with as well as without a stop codon by the implementation of only one additional working step into the cloning procedure.
 Up to 92 % of the targeted ORFs were successfully amplified by PCR and more than 93 % of the amplicons successfully cloned.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;The German cDNA Consortium ORFeome resource currently consists of more than 3,800 sequence-verified entry clones representing ORFs, cloned with and without stop codon, for about 1,700 different gene loci.
 177 splice variants were cloned representing 121 of these genes.
 The entry clones have been used to generate over 5,000 different expression constructs, providing the basis for functional profiling applications.
 As a member of the recently formed international ORFeome collaboration we substantially contribute to generating and providing a whole genome human ORFeome collection in a unique cloning system that is made freely available in the community.
The full-ORF clone resource of the German cDNA consortium.
Different forms of ventricular arrhythmias have been linked to mutations in the cardiac ryanodine receptor (RyR)2, but the molecular basis for this phenotypic heterogeneity is unknown.
 We have recently demonstrated that an enhanced sensitivity to luminal Ca(2+) and an increased propensity for spontaneous Ca(2+) release or store-overload-induced Ca(2+) release (SOICR) are common defects of RyR2 mutations associated with catecholaminergic polymorphic or bidirectional ventricular tachycardia.
 Here, we investigated the properties of a unique RyR2 mutation associated with catecholaminergic idiopathic ventricular fibrillation, A4860G.
 Single-channel analyses revealed that, unlike all other disease-linked RyR2 mutations characterized previously, the A4860G mutation diminished the response of RyR2 to activation by luminal Ca(2+), but had little effect on the sensitivity of the channel to activation by cytosolic Ca(2+).
 This specific impact of the A4860G mutation indicates that the luminal Ca(2+) activation of RyR2 is distinct from its cytosolic Ca(2+) activation.
 Stable, inducible HEK293 cells expressing the A4860G mutant showed caffeine-induced Ca(2+) release but exhibited no SOICR.
 Importantly, HL-1 cardiac cells transfected with the A4860G mutant displayed attenuated SOICR activity compared with cells transfected with RyR2 WT.
 These observations provide the first evidence that a loss of luminal Ca(2+) activation and SOICR activity can cause ventricular fibrillation and sudden death.
 These findings also indicate that although suppressing enhanced SOICR is a promising antiarrhythmic strategy, its oversuppression can also lead to arrhythmias.
Loss of luminal Ca(2+) activation in the cardiac ryanodine receptor is associated with ventricular fibrillation and sudden death.
Null mutations causing depletion of the type 1 ryanodine receptor (RYR1) are commonly associated with recessive structural congenital myopathies with cores.
Mutations of the ryanodine receptor cause dominant and recessive forms of congenital myopathies with cores.
 Quantitative defects of RYR1 have been reported in families presenting with recessive forms of the disease and epigenic regulation has been recently proposed to explain potential maternal monoallelic silencing of the RYR1 gene.
 We investigated nine families presenting with a recessive form of the disease and showing a quantitative defect of RYR1 expression.
 Genetic analysis allowed the identification of a mutation on both alleles of the RYR1 gene for all patients, 15 being novel variants.
 We evidenced for all patients an alteration of the expression of the RYR1 gene caused by amorphic mutations responsible either for mRNA or protein instability.
 In seven families the variant present on the second allele was a missense mutation.
 In the remaining two families the second variant led to a hypomorphic expression of the RYR1 gene and was associated with a severe neonatal phenotype, pointing out the minimal amount of RYR1 needed for skeletal muscle function.
 Noticeably, a novel additional exon 3b was characterized in the most severely affected cases.
 This study showed that all cases presenting with a quantitative defect of RYR1 expression in our panel of patients affected by recessive core myopathies were caused by the presence of one recessive null allele and that variability of the phenotype depended on the nature of the mutation present on the second allele.
 Our study also indicated that presence of a second mutation must be investigated in sporadic cases or in dominant cases presenting with a familial clinical variability.
Remodeling of ryanodine receptor complex causes 'leaky' channels: a molecular mechanism for decreased exercise capacity.
During exercise, defects in calcium (Ca2+) release have been proposed to impair muscle function.
 Here, we show that during exercise in mice and humans, the major Ca2+ release channel required for excitation-contraction coupling (ECC) in skeletal muscle, the ryanodine receptor (RyR1), is progressively PKA-hyperphosphorylated, S-nitrosylated, and depleted of the phosphodiesterase PDE4D3 and the RyR1 stabilizing subunit calstabin1 (FKBP12), resulting in "leaky" channels that cause decreased exercise tolerance in mice.
 Mice with skeletal muscle-specific calstabin1 deletion or PDE4D deficiency exhibited significantly impaired exercise capacity.
 A small molecule (S107) that prevents depletion of calstabin1 from the RyR1 complex improved force generation and exercise capacity, reduced Ca2+-dependent neutral protease calpain activity and plasma creatine kinase levels.
 Taken together, these data suggest a possible mechanism by which Ca2+ leak via calstabin1-depleted RyR1 channels leads to defective Ca2+ signaling, muscle damage, and impaired exercise capacity.
Novel RYR1 missense mutation causes core rod myopathy.
Large-scale phosphoproteome analysis of human liver tissue by enrichment and fractionation of phosphopeptides with strong anion exchange chromatography.
The mixture of phosphopeptides enriched from proteome samples are very complex.
 To reduce the complexity it is necessary to fractionate the phosphopeptides.
 However, conventional enrichment methods typically only enrich phosphopeptides but not fractionate phosphopeptides.
 In this study, the application of strong anion exchange (SAX) chromatography for enrichment and fractionation of phosphopeptides was presented.
 It was found that phosphopeptides were highly enriched by SAX and majority of unmodified peptides did not bind onto SAX.
 Compared with Fe(3+) immobilized metal affinity chromatography (Fe(3+)-IMAC), almost double phosphopeptides were identified from the same sample when only one fraction was generated by SAX.
 SAX and Fe(3+)-IMAC showed the complementarity in enrichment and identification of phosphopeptides.
 It was also demonstrated that SAX have the ability to fractionate phosphopeptides under gradient elution based on their different interaction with SAX adsorbent.
 SAX was further applied to enrich and fractionate phosphopeptides in tryptic digest of proteins extracted from human liver tissue adjacent to tumorous region for phosphoproteome profiling.
 This resulted in the highly confident identification of 274 phosphorylation sites from 305 unique phosphopeptides corresponding to 168 proteins at false discovery rate (FDR) of 0.96%.
S100A1 and calmodulin compete for the same binding site on ryanodine receptor.
In heart and skeletal muscle an S100 protein family member, S100A1, binds to the ryanodine receptor (RyR) and promotes Ca(2+) release.
 Using competition binding assays, we further characterized this system in skeletal muscle and showed that Ca(2+)-S100A1 competes with Ca(2+)-calmodulin (CaM) for the same binding site on RyR1.
 In addition, the NMR structure was determined for Ca(2+)-S100A1 bound to a peptide derived from this CaM/S100A1 binding domain, a region conserved in RyR1 and RyR2 and termed RyRP12 (residues 3616-3627 in human RyR1).
 Examination of the S100A1-RyRP12 complex revealed residues of the helical RyRP12 peptide (Lys-3616, Trp-3620, Lys-3622, Leu-3623, Leu-3624, and Lys-3626) that are involved in favorable hydrophobic and electrostatic interactions with Ca(2+)-S100A1.
 These same residues were shown previously to be important for RyR1 binding to Ca(2+)-CaM.
 A model for regulating muscle contraction is presented in which Ca(2+)-S100A1 and Ca(2+)-CaM compete directly for the same binding site on the ryanodine receptor.
Kinase-selective enrichment enables quantitative phosphoproteomics of the kinome across the cell cycle.
Protein kinases are pivotal regulators of cell signaling that modulate each other's functions and activities through site-specific phosphorylation events.
 These key regulatory modifications have not been studied comprehensively, because low cellular abundance of kinases has resulted in their underrepresentation in previous phosphoproteome studies.
 Here, we combine kinase-selective affinity purification with quantitative mass spectrometry to analyze the cell-cycle regulation of protein kinases.
 This proteomics approach enabled us to quantify 219 protein kinases from S and M phase-arrested human cancer cells.
 We identified more than 1000 phosphorylation sites on protein kinases.
 Intriguingly, half of all kinase phosphopeptides were upregulated in mitosis.
 Our data reveal numerous unknown M phase-induced phosphorylation sites on kinases with established mitotic functions.
 We also find potential phosphorylation networks involving many protein kinases not previously implicated in mitotic progression.
 These results provide a vastly extended knowledge base for functional studies on kinases and their regulation through site-specific phosphorylation.
King-denborough syndrome caused by a novel mutation in the ryanodine receptor gene.
Increasing the number of diagnostic mutations in malignant hyperthermia.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is an autosomal dominant disorder characterized by abnormal calcium homeostasis in skeletal muscle in response to triggering agents.
 Today, genetic investigations on ryanodine receptor type 1 (RYR1) gene and alpha1 subunit of the dihydropyridine receptor (DHPR) (CACNA1S) gene have improved the procedures associated with MH diagnosis.
 In approximately 50% of MH cases a causative RYR1 mutation was found.
 Molecular genetic testing based on RYR1 mutations for MH diagnosis is challenging, because the causative mutations, most of which are private, are distributed throughout the RYR1 gene.
 A more comprehensive genetic testing procedure is needed.
 Therefore, we aim to expand the genetic information related to MH and to evaluate the effect of mutations on the MH phenotype.
 Performing an in-depth mutation screening of the RYR1 transcript sequence in 36 unrelated MH susceptible (MHS) patients, we identified 17 novel, five rare, and eight non-disease-causing variants in 23 patients.
 The 13 remaining MHS patients presented no known variants, neither in RYR1 nor in the CACNA1S binding regions to RYR1.
 The 17 novel variants were found to affect highly conserved amino acids and were absent in 100 controls.
 Excellent genotype-phenotype correlations were found by investigating 21 MHS families-a total of 186 individuals.
 Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) lymphoblastoid cells carrying four of these novel mutations showed abnormal calcium homeostasis.
 The results of this study contribute to the establishment of a robust genetic testing procedure for MH diagnosis.
Cardiac ryanodine receptor phosphorylation by CaM Kinase II: keeping the balance right.
Phosphorylation of the cardiac ryanodine receptor (RyR2) is a key mechanism regulating sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) Ca2+ release.
 Differences in opinion have arisen over the importance assigned to specific phosphorylation sites on RyR2, over the kinase (s) suggested to directly phosphorylate RyR2 and surrounding the possibility that altered phosphorylation of RyR2 is associated with contractile dysfunction observed in heart failure.
 Ca2+/calmodulin dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) can phosphorylate RyR2 and modulate its activity.
 This phosphorylation positively modulates cardiac inotropic function but in extreme situations such as heart failure, elevated CaMKII activity can adversely increase Ca2+ release from the SR and lead to arrhythmogenesis.
 Although other kinases can phosphorylate RyR2, most notably cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA), evidence for a key role of CaMKII in mediating RyR2-dependent Ca2+ release is emerging.
 Future challenges include (i) fully identifying mechanisms of CaMKII interaction with the RyR2 complex and (ii) given the ubiquitous expression of CaMKII, developing selective strategies to modulate RyR2-targeted CaMKII activity and allow improved understanding of its role in normal and diseased heart.
&lt;h4&gt;Purpose&lt;/h4&gt;Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a pharmacogenetic disorder of intracellular calcium homeostasis with an autosomal dominant inheritance.
 Most of the reported mutations in exon 47 were identified in Asian patients.
 However, no functional analysis of p.R2508C has been performed.
 We therefore conducted a functional analysis of the mutation by altering calcium homeostasis in human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293 cells transfected with the p.R2508C mutation in exon 47 of the ryanodine receptor 1 (RYR1).
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;The entire RYR1 coding region from genomic DNA, which was extracted from the biopsied muscle specimens of two patients, was sequenced.
 The p.R2508C mutation was introduced into rabbit RYR1 cDNA, and wild-type or p.R2508C mutant cDNAs were transfected into HEK-293 cells.
 Using the calcium-sensitive probe Fura 2, we utilized the 340/380 nm ratio to analyze alterations in calcium homeostasis following treatment with caffeine and 4-chloro-m-cresol (4CmC).
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Genetic analysis revealed a C--&gt;T point mutation of RYR1 exon 47 at position 7522, resulting in an amino acid exchange of arginine for cysteine at amino acid 2508.
 The half-maximal activation concentrations (EC(50)) of caffeine and 4CmC for HEK-293 cells transfected with the p.R2508C mutation were 1.86 +/- 0.23 mM and 73.14 +/-19.44 microM, while those for wild-type RYR1 were 2.62 +/-0.23 mM and 179.31 +/-35.23 microM, respectively.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;We demonstrated that the transfected RYR1 mutant was more sensitive to caffeine and 4CmC than wildtype RYR1.
 These findings suggest that the p.R2508C mutation may be pathogenetic for susceptibility to MH.
Functional analysis of ryanodine receptor type 1 p.R2508C mutation in exon 47.
&lt;h4&gt;Rationale&lt;/h4&gt;Although research suggests that diastolic Ca(2+) levels might be increased in atrial fibrillation (AF), this hypothesis has never been tested.
 Diastolic Ca(2+) leak from the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) might increase diastolic Ca(2+) levels and play a role in triggering or maintaining AF by transient inward currents through Na(+)/Ca(2+) exchange.
 In ventricular myocardium, ryanodine receptor type 2 (RyR2) phosphorylation by Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (CaMK)II is emerging as an important mechanism for SR Ca(2+) leak.
&lt;h4&gt;Objective&lt;/h4&gt;We tested the hypothesis that CaMKII-dependent diastolic SR Ca(2+) leak and elevated diastolic Ca(2+) levels occurs in atrial myocardium of patients with AF.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods and results&lt;/h4&gt;We used isolated human right atrial myocytes from patients with AF versus sinus rhythm and found CaMKII expression to be increased by 40+/-14% (P&lt;0.05), as well as CaMKII phosphorylation by 33+/-12% (P&lt;0.05).
 This was accompanied by a significantly increased RyR2 phosphorylation at the CaMKII site (Ser2814) by 110+/-53%.
 Furthermore, cytosolic Ca(2+) levels were elevated during diastole (229+/-20 versus 164+/-8 nmol/L, P&lt;0.05).
 Most likely, this resulted from an increased SR Ca(2+) leak in AF (P&lt;0.05), which was not attributable to higher SR Ca(2+) load.
 Tetracaine experiments confirmed that SR Ca(2+) leak through RyR2 leads to the elevated diastolic Ca(2+) level.
 CaMKII inhibition normalized SR Ca(2+) leak and cytosolic Ca(2+) levels without changes in L-type Ca(2+) current.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;Increased CaMKII-dependent phosphorylation of RyR2 leads to increased SR Ca(2+) leak in human AF, causing elevated cytosolic Ca(2+) levels, thereby providing a potential arrhythmogenic substrate that could trigger or maintain AF.
CaMKII-dependent diastolic SR Ca2+ leak and elevated diastolic Ca2+ levels in right atrial myocardium of patients with atrial fibrillation.
Functional properties of RYR1 mutations identified in Swedish patients with malignant hyperthermia and central core disease.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;A diagnosis of malignant hyperthermia susceptibility by in vitro contraction testing can often only be performed at specialized laboratories far away from where patients live.
 Therefore, we have designed a protocol for genetic screening of the RYR1-cDNA and for functional testing of newly identified ryanodine receptor 1 (RYR1) gene variants in B lymphocytes isolated from peripheral blood samples drawn at local primary care centers.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;B lymphocytes were isolated for the extraction of RYR1-mRNA and genomic DNA and for establishment of lymphoblastoid B cell lines in 5 patients carrying yet unclassified mutations in the RYR1.
 The B lymphoblastoid cell lines were used to study resting cytoplasmic calcium concentration, the peak calcium transient induced by the sarco(endo)plasmic reticulum Ca-ATPase inhibitor thapsigargin, and the dose-dependent calcium release induced by the ryanodine receptor agonist 4-chloro-m-cresol.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;It was possible to extract mRNA for cDNA synthesis and to create B lymphocyte clones from all samples.
 All B lymphoblastoid cell lines carrying RYR1 candidate mutations showed significantly increased resting cytoplasmic calcium levels as well as a shift to lower concentrations of 4-chloro-m-cresol inducing calcium release compared with controls.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;Peripheral blood samples are stable regarding RNA and DNA extraction and establishment of lymphoblastoid B cell lines after transportation at ambient temperature over large distances by ordinary mail.
 Functional tests on B cells harboring the newly identified amino acid substitutions indicate that they alter intracellular Ca2+ homeostasis and are most likely causative of malignant hyperthermia.
Recessive mutations in RYR1 are a common cause of congenital fiber type disproportion.
The main histological abnormality in congenital fiber type disproportion (CFTD) is hypotrophy of type 1 (slow twitch) fibers compared to type 2 (fast twitch) fibers.
 To investigate whether mutations in RYR1 are a cause of CFTD we sequenced RYR1 in seven CFTD families in whom the other known causes of CFTD had been excluded.
 We identified compound heterozygous changes in the RYR1 gene in four families (five patients), consistent with autosomal recessive inheritance.
 Three out of five patients had ophthalmoplegia, which may be the most specific clinical indication of mutations in RYR1.
 Type 1 fibers were at least 50% smaller, on average, than type 2 fibers in all biopsies.
 Recessive mutations in RYR1 are a relatively common cause of CFTD and can be associated with extreme fiber size disproportion.
Novel missense mutations and unexpected multiple changes of RYR1 gene in 75 malignant hyperthermia families.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is an autosomal dominant pharmacogenetic disorder of skeletal muscle characterized by disturbance of intracellular calcium homeostasis in the sarcoplasmic reticulum.
 Mutations of the ryanodine receptor 1 (RYR1) gene account for most cases, with some studies claiming up to 86% of mutations in this locus.
 However, RYR1 gene is large and variants are common even in the normal population.
 We examined 54 families with MH susceptibility and 21 diagnosed with equivocal MH.
 Thirty-five were selected for an anesthetic reaction, whereas the remainder for hyperCKemia.
 In these, we studied all 106 exons of the RYR1 gene.
 When no mutation was found, we also screened: sodium channel voltage-gated, type IV alpha subunit (SCN4A), calcium channel voltage-dependent, L type, alpha 1S subunit (CACNA1S), and L-type voltage-gated calcium channel alpha 2/delta-subunit (CACNL2A).
 Twenty-nine different RYR1 mutations were discovered in 40 families.
 Three other MH genes were tested in negative cases.
 Fourteen RYR1 amino acid changes were novel, of which 12 were located outside the mutational 'hot spots'.
 In two families, the known mutation p.R3903Q was also observed in malignant hyperthermia-nonsusceptible (MHN) individuals.
 Unexpectedly, four changes were also found in the same family and two in another.
 Our study confirms that MH is genetically heterogeneous and that a consistent number of cases are not due to RYR1 mutations.
 The discordance between in vitro contracture test status and the presence of a proven causative RYR1 mutation suggests that the penetrance may vary due to as yet unknown factors.
Ryanodine receptors (RyRs) are located in the sarcoplasmic/endoplasmic reticulum membrane and are responsible for the release of Ca(2+) from intracellular stores during excitation-contraction coupling in both cardiac and skeletal muscle.
 RyRs are the largest known ion channels (&gt; 2MDa) and exist as three mammalian isoforms (RyR 1-3), all of which are homotetrameric proteins that interact with and are regulated by phosphorylation, redox modifications, and a variety of small proteins and ions.
 Most RyR channel modulators interact with the large cytoplasmic domain whereas the carboxy-terminal portion of the protein forms the ion-conducting pore.
 Mutations in RyR2 are associated with human disorders such as catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia whereas mutations in RyR1 underlie diseases such as central core disease and malignant hyperthermia.
 This chapter examines the current concepts of the structure, function and regulation of RyRs and assesses the current state of understanding of their roles in associated disorders.
Ryanodine receptors: structure, expression, molecular details, and function in calcium release.
Initial characterization of the human central proteome.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;On the basis of large proteomics datasets measured from seven human cell lines we consider their intersection as an approximation of the human central proteome, which is the set of proteins ubiquitously expressed in all human cells.
 Composition and properties of the central proteome are investigated through bioinformatics analyses.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;We experimentally identify a central proteome comprising 1,124 proteins that are ubiquitously and abundantly expressed in human cells using state of the art mass spectrometry and protein identification bioinformatics.
 The main represented functions are proteostasis, primary metabolism and proliferation.
 We further characterize the central proteome considering gene structures, conservation, interaction networks, pathways, drug targets, and coordination of biological processes.
 Among other new findings, we show that the central proteome is encoded by exon-rich genes, indicating an increased regulatory flexibility through alternative splicing to adapt to multiple environments, and that the protein interaction network linking the central proteome is very efficient for synchronizing translation with other biological processes.
 Surprisingly, at least 10% of the central proteome has no or very limited functional annotation.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;Our data and analysis provide a new and deeper description of the human central proteome compared to previous results thereby extending and complementing our knowledge of commonly expressed human proteins.
 All the data are made publicly available to help other researchers who, for instance, need to compare or link focused datasets to a common background.
Modulation of ryanodine receptor Ca2+ channels.
Ryanodine-sensitive Ca2+ release channels (ryanodine receptors, RyRs) play a crucial role in the mobilization of Ca2+ from the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) during the excitation-contraction coupling of muscle cells.
 In skeletal muscle, depolarization of transverse tubules activates the RyR, whereas in cardiac muscle, a Ca2+ influx through an L-type Ca2+ channel activates the RyR.
 The RyR is also activated by caffeine, a low concentration (&lt;10 M) of ryanodine or cyclic ADP-ribose.
 RyR activity is inhibited by Mg2+, ruthenium red, or higher concentrations (100 M) of ryanodine.
 The activity of RyR channels is modulated by phosphorylation and by associated proteins, including calmodulin (CaM), calsequestrin (CSQ) and FK506-binding proteins (FKBPs).
 In muscle cells, apoCaM (Ca2+-free CaM) activates the RyR channel, and Ca2+ CaM (Ca2+-bound CaM) inhibits the channel.
 CSQ can bind approximately 40 moles of Ca2+/mole of CSQ in the SR lumen of muscle cells, and interacts functionally with RyR protein.
 When the RyR is stimulated, Ca2+ released from the lumen is dissociated from the CSQ-Ca2+ complex.
 A 12-kDa or 12.6-kDa FK506-binding protein (FKBP12 or FKBP12.6, respectively) is associated with RyR protein.
 When FKBP12 or FKBP12.6 is dissociated from the FKBP-RyR complex, the RyR is modulated (activated).
 Phosphorylation of the RyR by cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA) and Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II modulates the channel.
 PKA phosphorylation of the RyR on the skeletal and cardiac muscle SR dissociates FKBP12 or FKBP12.6 from the RyR complex.
 This review deals with the modulation mechanisms of RyR proteins by associated proteins and phosphorylation.
King-Denborough syndrome (KDS), first described in 1973, is a rare condition characterised by the triad of dysmorphic features, myopathy, and malignant hyperthermia susceptibility (MHS).
 Autosomal dominant inheritance with variable expressivity has been reported in several cases.
 Mutations in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene have been implicated in a wide range of myopathies such as central core disease (CCD), the malignant hyperthermia (MH) susceptibility trait and one isolated patient with KDS.
 Here we report clinical, pathologic and genetic features of four unrelated patients with KDS.
 Patients had a relatively uniform clinical presentation but muscle biopsy findings were highly variable.
 Heterozygous missense mutations in RYR1 were uncovered in three out of four families, of which one mutation was novel and two have previously been reported in MH.
 Further RyR1 protein expression studies performed in two families showed marked reduction of the RyR1 protein, indicating the presence of allelic RYR1 mutations not detectable on routine sequencing and potentially explaining marked intrafamilial variability.
 Our findings support the hypothesis that RYR1 mutations are associated with King-Denborough syndrome but that further genetic heterogeneity is likely.
King-Denborough syndrome with and without mutations in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene.
&lt;h4&gt;Introduction&lt;/h4&gt;Ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1) mutations have been associated with central core disease (CCD), multiminicore/minicore/multicore disease (MmD), and susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia (MH).
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;Patients with muscle symptoms in adulthood, who had features compatible with CCD/MmD, underwent clinical, histological, and genetic (RYR1 and SEPN1 genes) evaluations.
 Published cases of CCD and MmD with adult onset were also reviewed.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Eight patients fulfilled the criteria for further analysis.
 Five RYR1 mutations, 4 of them unreported, were detected in 3 patients.
 Compound heterozygosity was proven in 1 case.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;To our knowledge, this is the only report of adult onset associated with recessive RYR1 mutations and central core/multiminicores on muscle biopsy.
 Although adult patients with CCD, MmD, and minimally symptomatic MH with abnormal muscle biopsy findings usually have a mild clinical course, differential diagnosis and carrier screening is crucial for prevention of potentially life-threatening reactions to general anesthesia.
Dominant and recessive RYR1 mutations in adults with core lesions and mild muscle symptoms.
Characterization of the binding sites for the interactions between FKBP12 and intracellular calcium release channels.
FKBP12, an FK506 binding protein, interacts with type 1 ryanodine receptor (RyR1) and modulates its calcium channel activity.
 However, there are many opposing reports of FKBP12's interaction with other related calcium channels, such as type 1 IP(3) receptor and type 3 ryanodine receptor (IP(3)R1 and RyR3).
 In addition, the involvement of the prolyl-dipeptide motif in the calcium channels and the corresponding binding residues in FKBP12 remain controversial.
 Through pulldown assays with recombinant proteins, we provide biochemical evidence of the interaction between FKBP12 and RyR1, RyR3 and IP(3)R1.
 Using NMR chemical shift mapping, we show that the important binding residues in FKBP12 are located in its hydrophobic FK506 binding region.
 Consistently, we demonstrate that FK506 can competitively inhibit the interaction between FKBP12 and the dipeptide motifs of the calcium channels.
 We believe our results shed lights on the binding mechanism of calcium channel-FKBP12 interaction.
Ryanodine Receptors (RyRs) are huge Ca release channels in the endoplasmic reticulum membrane and form targets for phosphorylation and disease mutations.
 We present crystal structures of a domain in three RyR isoforms, containing the Ser2843 (RyR1) and Ser2808/Ser2814 (RyR2) phosphorylation sites.
 The RyR1 domain is the target for 11 disease mutations.
 Several of these are clustered near the phosphorylation sites, suggesting that phosphorylation and disease mutations may affect the same interface.
 The L2867G mutation causes a drastic thermal destabilization and aggregation at room temperature.
 Crystal structures for other disease mutants show that they affect surface properties and intradomain salt bridges.
 In vitro phosphorylation experiments show that up to five residues in one long loop of RyR2 can be phosphorylated by PKA or CaMKII.
 Docking into cryo-electron microscopy maps suggests a putative location in the clamp region, implying that mutations and phosphorylation may affect the allosteric motions within this area.
Disease mutations in the ryanodine receptor central region: crystal structures of a phosphorylation hot spot domain.
Samaritan myopathy, an ultimately benign congenital myopathy, is caused by a RYR1 mutation.
Congenital myopathies describe a group of inherited muscle disorders with neonatal or infantile onset typically associated with muscle weakness, respiratory involvement and delayed motor milestones.
 We previously reported a novel congenital myopathy in an inbred Samaritan family.
 All patients displayed severe neonatal hypotonia and respiratory distress, and unlike other congenital myopathies, a constantly improving health status.
 As clinical and pathological data did not point to preferential candidate genes, we performed exome sequencing complemented by linkage analysis to identify the mutation causing the benign Samaritan congenital myopathy.
 We identified the homozygous p.Tyr1088Cys mutation in RYR1, encoding the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor.
 This sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium channel is a key regulator of excitation-contraction coupling (ECC).
 Western blot and immunohistofluorescence revealed a significant decrease of the RYR1 protein level and an abnormal organization of skeletal muscle triad markers as caveolin-3, dysferlin and amphiphysin 2.
 RYR1 mutations are associated with different myopathies and malignant hyperthermia susceptibility.
 The index patient had mild hyperthermia following anesthesia, indicating that the inbred Samaritan population might be a risk group for this disorder.
 Our results suggest an aberrant ECC as the primary cause of this disease, and broaden the clinical consequences of RYR1 defects.
Molecular cloning of cDNA encoding human and rabbit forms of the Ca2+ release channel (ryanodine receptor) of skeletal muscle sarcoplasmic reticulum.
We have cloned cDNAs encoding the rabbit and human forms of the Ca2+ release channel of sarcoplasmic reticulum.
 The human cDNA encodes a protein of 5032 amino acids, with a molecular weight of 563,584, which is made without an NH2-terminal signal sequence.
 Amino acid substitutions between rabbit and human sequences were noted in 163 positions and deletions or insertions in eight regions accounted for additional sequence differences between the two proteins.
 Analysis of the sequence indicates that 10 potential transmembrane sequences in the COOH-terminal fifth of the molecule and two additional, potential transmembrane sequences nearer to the center of the molecule could contribute to the formation of the Ca2+ conducting pore.
 The remainder of the molecule is hydrophilic and presumably constitutes the cytoplasmic domain of the protein.
 A 114-120 amino acid motif is repeated four times in the protein, in residues 841-954, 955-1068, 2725-2844, and 2845-2958 and a 16 amino acid part of the motif is repeated twice more in residues 1344-1359 and 1371-1386.
 Although the channel is modulated by Ca2+, ATP, and calmodulin, no clear high affinity Ca2(+)-binding domain of the EF hand type and no clear high affinity ATP-binding domain were detected in the primary sequence.
 An acidic sequence in residues 1872-1923 contains 79% glutamate or aspartate residues and this sequence is a potential low affinity Ca2(+)-binding site.
 Several potential calmodulin-binding sites were observed in the sequence, in the region 2800 to 3050.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Mutations in the ryanodine receptor type 1 gene (RYR1) that encodes the skeletal muscle-specific intracellular calcium (Ca(2+)) release channel are a cause of malignant hyperthermia (MH).
 In this study, we examined RYR1 mutations in a large number of North American MH-susceptible (MHS) subjects without prior genetic diagnosis.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;RYR1 was examined in 120 unrelated MHS subjects from the United States in a tiered manner.
 The -1 subunit of the dihydropyridine receptor gene (CACNA1S) was screened for 4 variants in subjects in whom no abnormality was found in  100 exons of RYR1.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Ten known causative MH mutations were found in 26 subjects.
 Variants of uncertain significance in RYR1 were found in 36 subjects, 16 of which are novel.
 Novel variants in both RYR1 and CACNA1S were found in the 1 subject who died of MH.
 Two RYR1 variants were found in 4 subjects.
 Variants of uncertain significance were found outside and inside the hotspots of RYR1.
 Maximal contractures in the caffeine-halothane contracture test were greater in those who had a known MH mutation or variant of uncertain significance in RYR1 than in those who did not.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The identification of novel RYR1 variants and previously observed RYR1 variants of uncertain significance in independent MHS families is necessary for demonstrating the significance of these variants for MH susceptibility and supports the need for functional studies of these variants.
 Continued reporting of the clinical phenotypes of MH is necessary for interpretation of genetic findings, especially because the pathogenicity of most of these genetic variants associated with MHS remains to be elucidated.
Ryanodine receptor type 1 gene variants in the malignant hyperthermia-susceptible population of the United States.
Exome sequencing reveals novel rare variants in the ryanodine receptor and calcium channel genes in malignant hyperthermia families.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;About half of malignant hyperthermia (MH) cases are associated with skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor 1 (RYR1) and calcium channel, voltage-dependent, L type, 1S subunit (CACNA1S) gene mutations, leaving many with an unknown cause.
 The authors chose to apply a sequencing approach to uncover causal variants in unknown cases.
 Sequencing the exome, the protein-coding region of the genome, has power at low sample sizes and identified the cause of over a dozen Mendelian disorders.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;The authors considered four families with multiple MH cases lacking mutations in RYR1 and CACNA1S by Sanger sequencing of complementary DNA.
 Exome sequencing in two affecteds per family, chosen for maximum genetic distance, were compared.
 Variants were ranked by allele frequency, protein change, and measures of conservation among mammals to assess likelihood of causation.
 Finally, putative pathogenic mutations were genotyped in other family members to verify cosegregation with MH.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Exome sequencing revealed one rare RYR1 nonsynonymous variant in each of three families (Asp1056His, Val2627Met, Val4234Leu), and one CACNA1S variant (Thr1009Lys) in the fourth family.
 These were not seen in variant databases or in our control population sample of 5,379 exomes.
 Follow-up sequencing in other family members verified cosegregation of alleles with MH.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The authors found that using both exome sequencing and allele frequency data from large sequencing efforts may aid genetic diagnosis of MH.
 In a sample selected by the authors, this technique was more sensitive for variant detection in known genes than Sanger sequencing of complementary DNA, and allows for the possibility of novel gene discovery.
An enzyme assisted RP-RPLC approach for in-depth analysis of human liver phosphoproteome.
Protein phosphorylation is one of the most common post-translational modifications.
 It plays key roles in regulating diverse biological processes of liver tissues.
 To better understand the role of protein phosphorylation in liver functions, it is essential to perform in-depth phosphoproteome analysis of human liver.
 Here, an enzyme assisted reversed-phase-reversed-phase liquid chromatography (RP-RPLC) approach with both RPLC separations operated with optimized acidic mobile phase was developed.
 High orthogonal separation was achieved by trypsin digestion of the Glu-C generated peptides in the fractions collected from the first RPLC separation.
 The phosphoproteome coverage was further improved by using two types of instruments, i.e.
 TripleTOF 5600 and LTQ Orbitrap Velos.
 A total of 22,446 phosphorylation sites, corresponding to 6526 nonredundant phosphoproteins were finally identified from normal human liver tissues.
 Of these sites, 15,229 sites were confidently localized with Ascore13.
 This dataset was the largest phosphoproteome dataset of human liver.
 It can be a public resource for the liver research community and holds promise for further biology studies.
&lt;h4&gt;Biological significance&lt;/h4&gt;The enzyme assisted approach enabled the two RPLC separations operated both with optimized acidic mobile phases.
 The identifications from TripleTOF 5600 and Orbitrap Velos are highly complementary.
 The largest phosphoproteome dataset of human liver was generated.
Novel RYR1 missense mutations in six Chinese patients with central core disease.
Central core disease (CCD) is a genetically heterogeneous congenital myopathy, and ryanodine receptor 1 (RYR1, gene ID6261) is the only pathogenicity gene until now.
 Data on mutation characteristics of RYR1 in the Chinese CCD population are scarce.
 This study searched for mutations in the C-terminal-encoding domain of RYR1 in six Chinese patients with CCD, and identified five missense mutations (N4807F, R4861H, R4893P, G4897D, and I4898T).
 Among them, N4807F, G4897D were novel while R4861H, R4893P, and I4898T were previously reported.
 All missense mutations were highly conserved across the species of human, mouse, rabbit, fish, and pig.
 This study found that mutations could be identified in about 85% CCD patients, even if only the C-terminal-encoding region of RYR1 was screened.
 Many mutations clustered in exons 100-102.
A novel RyR2 mutation in a 2-year-old baby presenting with atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, and atrial ectopic tachycardia.
Genetics is believed to have an important role in intellectual disability (ID).
 Recent studies have emphasized the involvement of de novo mutations (DNMs) in ID but the extent to which they contribute to its pathogenesis and the identity of the corresponding genes remain largely unknown.
 Here, we report a screen for DNMs in subjects with moderate or severe ID.
 We sequenced the exomes of 41 probands and their parents, and confirmed 81 DNMs affecting the coding sequence or consensus splice sites (1.98 DNMs/proband).
 We observed a significant excess of de novo single nucleotide substitutions and loss-of-function mutations in these cases compared to control subjects, suggesting that at least a subset of these variations are pathogenic.
 A total of 12 likely pathogenic DNMs were identified in genes previously associated with ID (ARID1B, CHD2, FOXG1, GABRB3, GATAD2B, GRIN2B, MBD5, MED13L, SETBP1, TBR1, TCF4, WDR45), resulting in a diagnostic yield of 29%.
 We also identified 12 possibly pathogenic DNMs in genes (HNRNPU, WAC, RYR2, SET, EGR1, MYH10, EIF2C1, COL4A3BP, CHMP2A, PPP1CB, VPS4A, PPP2R2B) that have not previously been causally linked to ID.
 Interestingly, no case was explained by inherited mutations.
 Protein network analysis indicated that the products of many of these known and candidate genes interact with each other or with products of other ID-associated genes further supporting their involvement in ID.
 We conclude that DNMs represent a major cause of moderate or severe ID.
De novo mutations in moderate or severe intellectual disability.
Structural insights into the human RyR2 N-terminal region involved in cardiac arrhythmias.
Human ryanodine receptor 2 (hRyR2) mediates calcium release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, enabling cardiomyocyte contraction.
 The N-terminal region of hRyR2 (amino acids 1-606) is the target of &gt;30 arrhythmogenic mutations and contains a binding site for phosphoprotein phosphatase 1.
 Here, the solution and crystal structures determined under near-physiological conditions, as well as a homology model of the hRyR2 N-terminal region, are presented.
 The N-terminus is held together by a unique network of interactions among its three domains, A, B and C, in which the central helix (amino acids 410-437) plays a prominent stabilizing role.
 Importantly, the anion-binding site reported for the mouse RyR2 N-terminal region is notably absent from the human RyR2.
 The structure concurs with the differential stability of arrhythmogenic mutations in the central helix (R420W, I419F and I419F/R420W) which are owing to disparities in the propensity of mutated residues to form energetically favourable or unfavourable contacts.
 In solution, the N-terminus adopts a globular shape with a prominent tail that is likely to involve residues 545-606, which are unresolved in the crystal structure.
 Docking the N-terminal domains into cryo-electron microscopy maps of the closed and open RyR1 conformations reveals C() atom movements of up to 8 upon channel gating, and predicts the location of the leucine-isoleucine zipper segment and the interaction site for spinophilin and phosphoprotein phosphatase 1 on the RyR surface.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Ryanodine receptor (RyR2) mutations have largely been associated with catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (PMVT).
 The role of RyR2 mutations in the pathogenesis of arrhythmias and syncope at rest is unknown.
 We sought to characterize the clinical and functional characteristics associated with a novel RyR2 mutation found in a mother and daughter with PMVT at rest.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods and results&lt;/h4&gt;A 31-year-old female with syncope at rest and recurrent short-coupled premature ventricular contractions (PVCs) initiating PMVT was found to be heterozygous for a novel RyR2-H29D mutation.
 Her mother, who also had syncope at rest and short-coupled PMVT, was found to harbor the same mutation.
 Human RyR2-H29D mutant channels were generated using site-directed mutagenesis and heterologously expressed in HEK293 cells together with the stabilizing protein calstabin2 (FKPB12.6).
 Single channel measurements of RyR2-H29D mutant channels and wild type (WT) RyR2 channels were compared at varying concentrations of cytosolic Ca(2+).
 Binding affinities of the RyR2-H29D channels and RyR2-WT channels to calstabin2 were compared.
 Functional characterization of the RyR2-H29D mutant channel revealed significantly higher open probability and opening frequency at diastolic levels of cytosolic Ca(2+) under non-stress conditions without protein kinase A treatment.
 This was associated with a modest depletion of calstabin2 binding under resting conditions.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The RyR2-H29D mutation is associated with a clinical phenotype of short-coupled PMVT at rest.
 In contrast to catecholaminergic PMVT-associated RyR2 mutations, RyR2-H29D causes a leaky channel at diastolic levels of Ca(2+) under non-stress conditions.
 Leaky RyR2 may be an under-recognized mechanism for idiopathic PMVT at rest.
Short-coupled polymorphic ventricular tachycardia at rest linked to a novel ryanodine receptor (RyR2) mutation: leaky RyR2 channels under non-stress conditions.
The type 1 ryanodine receptor (RyR1) is a Ca2+ release channel in the sarcoplasmic reticulum of skeletal muscle and is mutated in several diseases, including malignant hyperthermia (MH) and central core disease (CCD).
 Most MH and CCD mutations cause accelerated Ca2+ release, resulting in abnormal Ca2+ homeostasis in skeletal muscle.
 However, how specific mutations affect the channel to produce different phenotypes is not well understood.
 In this study, we have investigated 11 mutations at 7 different positions in the amino (N)-terminal region of RyR1 (9 MH and 2 MH/CCD mutations) using a heterologous expression system in HEK293 cells.
 In live-cell Ca2+ imaging at room temperature (~25 C), cells expressing mutant channels exhibited alterations in Ca2+ homeostasis, i.e., an enhanced sensitivity to caffeine, a depletion of Ca2+ in the ER and an increase in resting cytoplasmic Ca2+.
 RyR1 channel activity was quantitatively evaluated by [3H]ryanodine binding and three parameters (sensitivity to activating Ca2+, sensitivity to inactivating Ca2+ and attainable maximum activity, i.e., gain) were obtained by fitting analysis.
 The mutations increased the gain and the sensitivity to activating Ca2+ in a site-specific manner.
 The gain was consistently higher in both MH and MH/CCD mutations.
 Sensitivity to activating Ca2+ was markedly enhanced in MH/CCD mutations.
 The channel activity estimated from the three parameters provides a reasonable explanation to the pathological phenotype assessed by Ca2+ homeostasis.
 These properties were also observed at higher temperatures (~37 C).
 Our data suggest that divergent activity profiles may cause varied disease phenotypes by specific mutations.
 This approach should be useful for diagnosis and treatment of diseases with mutations in RyR1.
Divergent activity profiles of type 1 ryanodine receptor channels carrying malignant hyperthermia and central core disease mutations in the amino-terminal Region.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a pharmacogenetic disorder that occurs in predisposed individuals after exposure to volatile anesthetics or depolarizing muscle relaxants.
 Genetic mutations of ryanodine receptor 1 (RYR1), which are considered to cause MH, are found mainly in 3 regions called "hotspots." There are sometimes multiple mutations at the same site of RYR1.
 Although p.Arg2508 of RYR1 is located outside hotspots, several mutations or variants (including the known MH causative mutation p.Arg2508Cys) have been identified in this region.
 We hypothesized that any mutations or variants in RYR1 p.Arg2508 cause important changes in pathological conditions related to MH.
 In this study, we analyzed the functions of 4 different RYR1 variants containing mutations at p.Arg2508.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;We prepared and analyzed the functions of 4 mutated RYR1 genes: p.Arg2508His and p.Arg2508Gly are MH-related variants, whereas p.Arg2508Ser and p.Arg2508Lys have not been previously reported.
 Because the biochemical characteristics of lysine are similar to arginine, we assumed that p.Arg2508Lys RYR1 would have characteristics most similar to those of the wild-type RYR1.
 We introduced these 4 mutated RYR1 genes, p.Arg2508His, p.Arg2508Gly, p.Arg2508Ser, and p.Arg2508Lys into rabbit RYR1 cDNA and transfected the resultant clones into human embryonic kidney 293 cells.
 Using the ratiometric dye Fura-2 AM, we used the 340/380 nm ratio to analyze alterations in calcium homeostasis after stimulation with caffeine and 4-chloro-m-cresol (4CmC).
 We calculated the half-maximal activation concentrations (EC50) of cells transfected with each mutant and compared the EC50 value of cells expressing each mutant with that of cells expressing wild-type RYR1.
 Statistical significance between EC50 values were calculated using an unpaired 2-tailed t test.
 We used 300 different cells, by 30 cells in each of the wild type or mutant.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Cells transfected with each of the 4 mutants, p.Arg2508His, p.Arg2508Gly, p.Arg2508Ser, or p.Arg2508Lys, were more sensitive to caffeine and 4CmC than cells transfected with the wild type (all 4 P  0.0004).
 Mean  SD of EC50 values for caffeine of wild type, p.Arg2508His, p.Arg2508Gly, p.Arg2508Ser, and p.Arg2508Lys were 2.53  0.89, 1.72  0.72, 1.73  0.79, 1.69  0.80, and 1.61  0.74 mM, respectively, and those for 4CmC were 125.92  38.11, 70.42  27.09, 79.30  39.04, 73.03  19.20, and 72.81  28.44 mM, respectively.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;Any of these 4 mutations in RYR1 p.Arg2508 may cause important changes related to MH.
 Studying the effects of changes in amino acids at 2508 in RYR1 on the movement of this large protein may lead to a better understanding of the pathology of MH events.
Several ryanodine receptor type 1 gene mutations of p.Arg2508 are potential sources of malignant hyperthermia.
The H29D nutation does not enhance cytosolic Ca2+ activation of the cardiac ryanodine receptor.
The N-terminal domain of the cardiac ryanodine receptor (RyR2) harbors a large number of naturally occurring mutations that are associated with stress-induced ventricular tachyarrhythmia and sudden death.
 Nearly all these disease-associated N-terminal mutations are located at domain interfaces or buried within domains.
 Mutations at these locations would alter domain-domain interactions or the stability/folding of domains.
 Recently, a novel RyR2 mutation H29D associated with ventricular arrhythmia at rest was found to enhance the activation of single RyR2 channels by diastolic levels of cytosolic Ca2+.
 Unlike other N-terminal disease-associated mutations, the H29D mutation is located on the surface of the N-terminal domain.
 It is unclear how this surface-exposed H29D mutation that does not appear to interact with other parts of the RyR2 structure could alter the intrinsic properties of the channel.
 Here we carried out detailed functional characterization of the RyR2-H29D mutant at the molecular and cellular levels.
 We found that the H29D mutation has no effect on the basal level or the Ca2+ dependent activation of [3H]ryanodine binding to RyR2, the cytosolic Ca2+ activation of single RyR2 channels, or the cytosolic Ca2+- or caffeine-induced Ca2+ release in HEK293 cells.
 In addition, the H29D mutation does not alter the propensity for spontaneous Ca2+ release or the thresholds for Ca2+ release activation or termination.
 Furthermore, the H29D mutation does not have significant impact on the thermal stability of the N-terminal region (residues 1-547) of RyR2.
 Collectively, our data show that the H29D mutation exerts little or no effect on the function of RyR2 or on the folding stability of the N-terminal region.
 Thus, our results provide no evidence that the H29D mutation enhances the cytosolic Ca2+ activation of RyR2.
Functional characterization of the RYR1 mutation p.Arg4737Trp associated with susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia.
Aside from the in vitro contracture test, genetic screening for causative RYR1 mutations is the established procedure to diagnose susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia (MH).
 However, currently only 34 out of more than 300 known RYR1 mutations have been confirmed to be causative for MH by experimental studies addressing their functional impact on intracellular calcium homeostasis.
 The RYR1 mutation p.Arg4737Trp has been recently detected in a German MH family.
 To evaluate the effects of that mutation on intracellular calcium handling, the response after stimulation with the RYR1 agonist 4-chloro-m-cresol was investigated in immortalized B lymphocytes containing the p.Arg4737Trp mutation and compared to the response of wild type RYR1 from unaffected family members and unrelated controls.
 Intracellular resting calcium was slightly but significantly elevated in mutation positive cells.
 Calcium release following stimulation with 4-chloro-m-cresol was significantly increased in B lymphocytes carrying the p.Arg4737Trp mutation compared to mutation negative controls.
 Hence, the functional properties of the RYR1 mutation p.Arg4737Trp are consistent with susceptibility to MH.
 Together with previously published data, the mutation has now been reported in three independent MH positive families.
Neuromuscular diseases (NMDs) include a broad range of disorders affecting muscles, nerves and neuromuscular junctions.
 Their overlapping phenotypes and heterogeneous genetic nature have created challenges in diagnosis which calls for the implementation of massive parallel sequencing as a candidate strategy to increase the diagnostic yield.
 In this study, total of 45 patients, mostly offspring of consanguineous marriages were examined using whole exome sequencing.
 Data analysis was performed to identify the most probable pathogenic rare variants in known NMD genes which led to identification of causal variants for 33 out of 45 patients (73.3%) in the following known genes: CAPN3, Col6A1, Col6A3, DMD, DYSF, FHL1, GJB1, ISPD, LAMA2, LMNA, PLEC1, RYR1, SGCA, SGCB, SYNE1, TNNT1 and 22 novel pathogenic variants were detected.
 Today, the advantage of whole exome sequencing in clinical diagnostic strategies of heterogeneous disorders is clear.
 In this cohort, a diagnostic yield of 73.3% was achieved which is quite high compared to the overall reported diagnostic yield of 25% to 50%.
 This could be explained by the consanguineous background of these patients and is another strong advantage of offering clinical exome sequencing in diagnostic laboratories, especially in populations with high rate of consanguinity.
Improved diagnostic yield of neuromuscular disorders applying clinical exome sequencing in patients arising from a consanguineous population.
Type 1 ryanodine receptor (RYR1) is a Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; release channel in the sarcoplasmic reticulum of skeletal muscle and is mutated in some muscle diseases, including malignant hyperthermia (MH) and central core disease (CCD).
 Over 200 mutations associated with these diseases have been identified, and most mutations accelerate Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; -induced Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; release (CICR), resulting in abnormal Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; homeostasis in skeletal muscle.
 However, it remains largely unknown how specific mutations cause different phenotypes.
 In this study, we investigated the CICR activity of 14 mutations at 10 different positions in the central region of RYR1 (10 MH and four MH/CCD mutations) using a heterologous expression system in HEK293 cells.
 In live-cell Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; imaging, the mutant channels exhibited an enhanced sensitivity to caffeine, a reduced endoplasmic reticulum Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; content, and an increased resting cytoplasmic Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; level.
 The three parameters for CICR (Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; sensitivity for activation, Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; sensitivity for inactivation, and attainable maximum activity, i.e., gain) were obtained by [&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt; H]ryanodine binding and fitting analysis.
 The mutant channels showed increased gain and Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; sensitivity for activation in a site-specific manner.
 Genotype-phenotype correlations were explained well by the near-atomic structure of RYR1.
 Our data suggest that divergent CICR activity may cause various disease phenotypes by specific mutations.
Genotype-phenotype correlations of malignant hyperthermia and central core disease mutations in the central region of the RYR1 channel.
&lt;h4&gt;Objective&lt;/h4&gt;To determine the underlying molecular aetiology in a non-consanguineous Irish family who have had three fetal losses because of a primary myopathy characterised by fetal akinesia, arthrogryposis multiplex, bilateral pulmonary hypoplasia and reduced muscle bulk.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;Fetal DNA extracted from amniotic cells was whole genome amplified and subjected to whole exome sequencing.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Whole exome sequencing identified compound heterozygous variants in RYR1 as the cause of the lethal myopathy in this family.
 All three fetuses were compound heterozygous for a paternally inherited missense variant (c.2113G&gt;A; p.Gly705Arg) and a novel maternally inherited truncating frameshift deletion (c.8843delC; p.Ser2948Cysfs*58).
 This family did not have the classic cores and fibre type disproportion typically associated with RYR1 mutation.
 The RYR1 exome finding was made during the couple's third pregnancy and enabled prenatal genetic testing to be undertaken.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusion&lt;/h4&gt;We show that recessive RYR1 mutations can be associated with significant intra-familial variability in clinical presentation which can complicate prediction of clinical outcome.
 RYR1 mutations can also cause diverse muscle pathologies which thwarts diagnosis.
 This study demonstrates the impact that exome-based diagnoses can have for families with lethal disorders.
  2016 John Wiley &amp; Sons, Ltd.
Intra-familial variability associated with recessive RYR1 mutation diagnosed prenatally by exome sequencing.
Enhanced cytosolic Ca2+ activation underlies a common defect of central domain cardiac ryanodine receptor mutations linked to arrhythmias.
Recent three-dimensional structural studies reveal that the central domain of ryanodine receptor (RyR) serves as a transducer that converts long-range conformational changes into the gating of the channel pore.
 Interestingly, the central domain encompasses one of the mutation hotspots (corresponding to amino acid residues 3778-4201) that contains a number of cardiac RyR (RyR2) mutations associated with catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT) and atrial fibrillation (AF).
 However, the functional consequences of these central domain RyR2 mutations are not well understood.
 To gain insights into the impact of the mutation and the role of the central domain in channel function, we generated and characterized eight disease-associated RyR2 mutations in the central domain.
 We found that all eight central domain RyR2 mutations enhanced the Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt;-dependent activation of [&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;H]ryanodine binding, increased cytosolic Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt;-induced fractional Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; release, and reduced the activation and termination thresholds for spontaneous Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; release in HEK293 cells.
 We also showed that racemic carvedilol and the non-beta-blocking carvedilol enantiomer, (R)-carvedilol, suppressed spontaneous Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; oscillations in HEK293 cells expressing the central domain RyR2 mutations associated with CPVT and AF.
 These data indicate that the central domain is an important determinant of cytosolic Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; activation of RyR2.
 These results also suggest that altered cytosolic Ca&lt;sup&gt;2+&lt;/sup&gt; activation of RyR2 represents a common defect of RyR2 mutations associated with CPVT and AF, which could potentially be suppressed by carvedilol or (R)-carvedilol.
Intraoperative Presentation of Malignant Hyperthermia (Confirmed by RYR1 Gene Mutation, c.7522C&gt;T; p.R2508C) Leads to Diagnosis of King-Denborough Syndrome in a Child With Hypotonia and Dysmorphic Features: A Case Report.
We present the novel case report of a child with hypotonia and dysmorphic features who developed malignant hyperthermia (MH) intraoperatively.
 Neurology workup revealed the presence of a known causative ryanodine receptor (RYR1) mutation for MH, c.7522C&gt;T; p.R2508C.
 Furthermore, the neurology workup diagnosed the child with King-Denborough syndrome (KDS).
 This particular mutation has never been documented in a patient with KDS.
 Atypical presentation of MH is more likely in patients with RYR1-related myopathy.
 A high index of suspicion for MH in children with myopathy is important.
 The MH hotline was helpful in the management of this patient when it was called after the initial dose of dantrolene.
 A neurology consult was essential for the diagnosis of KDS and future care.
Cardiac ryanodine receptor (RyR2) gain-of-function mutations cause catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia, a condition characterized by prominent ventricular ectopy in response to catecholamine stress, which can be reproduced on exercise stress testing (EST).
 However, reports of sudden cardiac death (SCD) have emerged in EST-negative individuals who have loss-of-function (LOF) RyR2 mutations.
 The clinical relevance of RyR2 LOF mutations including their pathogenic mechanism, diagnosis, and treatment are all unknowns.
 Here, we performed clinical and genetic evaluations of individuals who suffered from SCD and harbored an LOF RyR2 mutation.
 We carried out electrophysiological studies using a programed electrical stimulation protocol consisting of a long-burst, long-pause, and short-coupled (LBLPS) ventricular extra-stimulus.
 Linkage analysis of RyR2 LOF mutations in six families revealed a combined logarithm of the odds ratio for linkage score of 11.479 for a condition associated with SCD with negative EST.
 A RyR2 LOF mouse model exhibited no catecholamine-provoked ventricular arrhythmias as in humans but did have substantial cardiac electrophysiological remodeling and an increased propensity for early afterdepolarizations.
 The LBLPS pacing protocol reliably induced ventricular arrhythmias in mice and humans having RyR2 LOF mutations, whose phenotype is otherwise concealed before SCD.
 Furthermore, treatment with quinidine and flecainide abolished LBLPS-induced ventricular arrhythmias in model mice.
 Thus, RyR2 LOF mutations underlie a previously unknown disease entity characterized by SCD with normal EST that we have termed RyR2 Ca2+ release deficiency syndrome (CRDS).
 Our study provides insights into the mechanism of CRDS, reports a specific CRDS diagnostic test, and identifies potentially efficacious anti-CRDS therapies.
Cardiac ryanodine receptor calcium release deficiency syndrome.
Involvement of the brain type of ryanodine receptor in T-cell proliferation.
Cloning and sequence analysis of cDNA showed that the brain type of ryanodine receptor (RYR) is expressed in human Jurkat T-lymphocyte cells.
 Fura-2 measurements revealed that the RYR in T-cells functions as a ryanodine-sensitive, caffeine-insensitive Ca2+ release channel.
 Furthermore, ryanodine stimulated proliferation and altered the growth pattern of cultured human T-cells when added together with FK506.
Partial cDNAs of the ryanodine receptor were cloned using PCR analysis from reverse transcribed total and mRNA, extracted from freshly isolated pregnant, non-pregnant, and cultured human myometrial smooth muscle.
 The identity of these clones was confirmed by nucleotide sequencing of the fragments and indicate the expression of both the skeletal and brain ryanodine receptor isoforms in these preparations.
 In freshly isolated non-pregnant myometrial tissue, membrane fractions displaying specific [3H]ryanodine binding activities were isolated using density gradient centrifugation.
 SDS-PAGE of the sucrose gradient fractions indicated the specific comigration of a polypeptide with a molecular mass of approximately 544 kDa with the ryanodine binding activity.
Isolation and partial cloning of ryanodine-sensitive Ca2+ release channel protein isoforms from human myometrial smooth muscle.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a rare clinical syndrome, triggered in susceptible subjects by a variety of anaesthetic agents and muscle relaxants, and is the commonest cause of death due to general anaesthesia.
 Previous studies have reported that inherited mutations in the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene co-segregated, in some families, with MH susceptibility; lack of linkage between MH and the RYR1 gene in some other families indicates a heterogenous genetic basis for the syndrome.
 The in vitro contracture test (IVCT) on muscle biopsy specimens is considered to be the most reliable test for establishing the diagnosis of MH.
 With the identification of RYR1 point mutations this might in turn result in non-invasive methods for the presymptomatic diagnosis of MH.
 In the present study we investigated four families suspected to be at risk of MH susceptibility; in all subjects histopathological examination and IVCT were performed on muscle biopsy specimens.
 We undertook a mutation analysis of RYR1 gene testing for the presence of five point mutations; in one pedigree a C1840--&gt;T point mutation was detected, strictly segregating with in vitro MH susceptibility.
Ryanodine receptor gene point mutation and malignant hyperthermia susceptibility.
Mutation screening of the RYR1 gene in malignant hyperthermia: detection of a novel Tyr to Ser mutation in a pedigree with associated central cores.
The ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1) has been shown to be mutated in a small number of malignant hyperthermia (MH) pedigrees.
 Missense mutations in this gene have also been identified in two families with central core disease (CCD), a rare myopathy closely associated with MH.
 In an effort to identify other RYR1 mutations responsible for MH and CCD, we used a SSCP approach to screen the RYR1 gene for mutations in a family exhibiting susceptibility to MH (MHS) where some of the MHS individuals display core regions in their muscle.
 Sequence analysis of a unique aberrant SSCP has allowed us to identify a point mutation cosegregating with MHS in the described family.
 The mutation changes a conserved tyrosine residue at position 522 to a serine residue.
 This mutation is positioned relatively close to five of the six MHS/CCD mutations known to date and provides further evidence that MHS/CCD mutations may cluster in the amino terminal region of the RYR1 protein.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a potentially fatal autosomal dominant disorder of skeletal muscle and is triggered in susceptible people by all commonly used inhalational anaesthetics and depolarizing muscle relaxants.
 To date, six mutations in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1) have been identified in malignant hyperthermia susceptible (MHS) and central core disease (CCD) cases.
 Using SSCP analysis, we have screened the RYR1 gene in affected individuals for novel MHS mutations and have identified a G to A transition mutation which results in the replacement of a conserved Gly at position 2433 with an Arg.
 The Gly2433Arg mutation was present in four of 104 unrelated MHS individuals investigated and was not detected in a normal population sample.
 This mutation is adjacent to the previously identified Arg2434His mutation reported in a CCD/MH family and indicates that there may be a second region in the RYR1 gene where MHS/CCD mutations cluster.
Detection of a novel RYR1 mutation in four malignant hyperthermia pedigrees.
The substitution of Arg for Gly2433 in the human skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor is associated with malignant hyperthermia.
Single strand conformational polymorphism analysis was used to screen exons 43 and 44 in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor gene from 17 positively diagnosed members of families in which chromosome 19-linked malignant hyperthermia (MH) was segregating.
 A polymorphism in two unrelated individuals was found to result from the substitution of A for G7297, leading to the substitution of Arg for Gly2433.
 This mutation is adjacent to a mutation (Arg2434 to His) previously linked to MH and central core disease (Y.
 Zhang et al., Nature Genet.
 1993, 5, 46-50).
 Subsequent screening showed the presence of the mutation in four of 106 MH families tested and its absence from about 1000 other chromosomes.
 The mutation was present in all six individuals in four families who had had an MH reaction, in two obligate carriers and in 10 individuals diagnosed as MH susceptible by the caffeine/halothane contracture test (CHCT).
 The mutation was present in an individual with a normal response to the CHCT and was absent in three individuals with a positive CHCT response.
 These discrepancies would be consistent with inaccuracies in the CHCT and/or with segregation of a second MH allele within two of the four affected families.
Detection of a novel common mutation in the ryanodine receptor gene in malignant hyperthermia: implications for diagnosis and heterogeneity studies.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a potentially fatal autosomal dominant disorder of skeletal muscle and is triggered in susceptible people by all commonly used inhalational anaesthetics.
 To date, the ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1) has been shown to be mutated in a small number of malignant hyperthermia susceptible (MHS) cases.
 To determine if a common RYR1 mutation exists that might account for a significant number of MHS cases, we have investigated the RYR1 gene in unrelated patients for the presence of new mutations by the single-stranded conformation polymorphism method and have identified a novel Gly341Arg mutation which accounts for approximately 10% of Caucasian MHS cases.
 The implications of this common mutation in MHS diagnosis and heterogeneity studies are discussed.
Central core disease (CCD) is a morphologically distinct, autosomal dominant myopathy with variable clinical features.
 A close association with malignant hyperthermia (MH) has been identified.
 Since MH and CCD genes have been linked to the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene, cDNA sequence analysis was used to search for a causal RYR1 mutation in a CCD individual.
 The only amino acid substitution found was an Arg2434His mutation, resulting from the substitution of A for G7301.
 This mutation was linked to CCD with a lod score of 4.8 at a recombinant fraction of 0.0 in 16 informative meioses in a 130 member family, suggesting a causal relationship to CCD.
A mutation in the human ryanodine receptor gene associated with central core disease.
Central core disease (CCD) of muscle is an inherited myopathy which is closely associated with malignant hyperthermia (MH) in humans.
 CCD has recently been shown to be tightly linked to the ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1) and mutations in this gene are known to be present in MH.
 Mutation screening of RYR1 has led to the identification of two previously undescribed mutations in different CCD pedigrees.
 One of these mutations was also detected in an unrelated MH pedigree whose members are asymptomatic of CCD.
 The data suggest a model to explain how a single mutation may result in two apparently distinct clinical phenotypes.
Mutations in the ryanodine receptor gene in central core disease and malignant hyperthermia.
Localization of a novel ryanodine receptor gene (RYR3) to human chromosome 15q14-q15 by in situ hybridization.
The structural organization of the human skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene.
The RYR1 gene encoding the Ca2+ release channel of human skeletal muscle sarcoplasmic reticulum has been cloned and exon/intron boundaries have been determined, together with a minimum of 30 bp of intron sequence flanking each splice junction.
 The gene contains 106 exons, of which two are alternatively spliced.
 The length of the gene, determined by the alignment of 16 genomic phage clones, a cosmid clone, and several long polymerase chain reaction products, is approximately 160 kb.
 Exons range from 15 to 813 bp, while introns range from 85 to about 16,000 bp.
 Analysis of the gene has confirmed published errors in the human RYR1 cDNA and confirmed the structure of two alternatively spliced exons.
 The numbering of the nucleotides comprising the RYR1 cDNA and the numbering of amino acids encoded by them were corrected to account for these earlier errors and omissions.
 Analysis of 2.4 kb of the 5' upstream sequence indicated the presence of a CCAAT box and several Sp1 binding sites between nucleotides -200 and -60 bp, flanking the proposed transcription start site at -130 bp.
 Several other potential transcription factor binding sites were identified throughout the 5' sequence.
 Knowledge of the structure of the RYR1 gene will provide an invaluable resource for the discovery of mutations in the gene that are causal of human malignant hyperthermia and central core disease.
Rapid Ca2+ efflux from intracellular stores during cardiac muscle excitation-contraction coupling is mediated by the ryanodine-sensitive calcium-release channel, a large homotetrameric complex present in the sarcoplasmic reticulum.
 We report here the identification, primary structure and topological analysis of the ryanodine receptor-calcium release channel from human cardiac muscle (hRyR-2).
 Consistent with sedimentation and immunoblotting studies on the hRyR-2 protein, sequence analysis of ten overlapping cDNA clones reveals an open reading frame of 14901 nucleotides encoding a protein of 4967 amino acid residues with a predicted molecular mass of 564 569 Da for hRyR-2.
 In-frame insertions corresponding to eight and ten amino acid residues were found in two of the ten cDNAs isolated, suggesting that novel, alternatively spliced transcripts of the hRyR-2 gene might exist.
 Six hydrophobic stretches, which are present within the hRyR-2 C-terminal 500 amino acids and are conserved in all RyR sequences, may be involved in forming the transmembrane domain that constitutes the Ca(2+)-conducting pathway, in agreement with competitive ELISA studies with a RyR-2-specific antibody.
 Sequence alignment of hRyR-2 with other RyR isoforms indicates a high level of overall identity within the RyR family, with the exception of two important regions that exhibit substantial variability.
 Phylogenetic analysis suggests that the RyR-2 isoform diverged from a single ancestral gene before the RyR-1 and RyR-3 isoforms to form a distinct branch of the RyR family tree.
The human cardiac muscle ryanodine receptor-calcium release channel: identification, primary structure and topological analysis.
Identification of heterozygous and homozygous individuals with the novel RYR1 mutation Cys35Arg in a large kindred.
&lt;h4&gt;Background&lt;/h4&gt;Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a potentially fatal, often autosomal dominant, disorder of skeletal muscle and is triggered in susceptible people by all commonly used inhalational anesthetics.
 In this article, the authors describe a malignant hyperthermia susceptible (MHS) kindred in which both parents of the proband are MHS and are first-degree cousins.
 Haplotype analysis in this kindred with chromosome 19 linked markers revealed that the proband and another sibling were homozygous for the affected RYR1 allele.
&lt;h4&gt;Methods&lt;/h4&gt;Eighteen members of this large pedigree were investigated, with a clinical examination for signs of a myopathy, a caffeine halothane contracture test, a histo-enzymologic study on the muscle biopsies, and linkage analysis on genomic DNA isolated from family blood samples.
 RYR1 cDNA was amplified by polymerase chain reaction and was cloned and sequenced, facilitating mutation detection.
&lt;h4&gt;Results&lt;/h4&gt;Linkage analysis demonstrated linkage between RYR1-linked markers and MH susceptibility in this family.
 DNA sequencing identified a T to C transition at nucleotide position 103, resulting in the substitution of an arginine for cysteine 35, representing the most N-terminal mutation reported to date in the RYR1 gene.
 This mutation segregates fully with the MHS trait, generating a lod score of 4.65 in favor of linkage to MHS at a recombination frequency of 0.0.
&lt;h4&gt;Conclusions&lt;/h4&gt;The proband in this kindred is the first reported homozygote to have presented with an MH episode.
 The homozygotes in this pedigree do not have an overt myopathy.
 The sensitivity of muscle samples to caffeine clearly distinguished the two homozygotes from other heterozygous-susceptible individuals.
 No clear differentiation was observed with the halothane contracture results.
Defects in the ryanodine receptor (RYR1) gene are associated with malignant hyperthermia (MH), an autosomal dominant disorder of skeletal muscle and one of the main causes of death resulting from anaesthesia.
 Susceptibility to MH (MHS) is determined by the level of tension generated in an in vitro muscle contracture test (IVCT) in response to caffeine and halothane.
 To date, mutation screening of the RYR1 gene in MH families has led to the identification of eight mutations.
 We describe here the identification of a novel mutation, Arg552Trp, in the RYR1 gene, which is clearly linked to the MHS phenotype in a large, well characterised Irish pedigree.
 Considering that the RYR1 protein functions as a tetramer, correlation of the IVCT with the affected and unaffected haplotypes was performed on the pedigree to investigate if the normal RYR1 allele in affected subjects contributes to the variation in the IVCT.
 The results show that the normal RYR1 allele is unlikely to play a role in IVCT variation.
Detection of a novel mutation in the ryanodine receptor gene in an Irish malignant hyperthermia pedigree: correlation of the IVCT response with the affected and unaffected haplotypes.
We describe here the expression of the ryanodine receptor isoforms RyR2 and RyR3 in human non-pregnant and pregnant (non-labouring) myometrium, and in isolated cultured myometrial cells.
 The mRNA encoding the RyR3 isoform was found in both non-pregnant and pregnant myometrial tissue samples; however, the mRNA for RyR2 was found only in pregnant samples.
 It can be speculated that the appearance of this additional isoform in the pregnant myometrium may increase the ability of this tissue to contract at term.
 Control of expression of the RyR2 gene may therefore be another example of an up-regulated signalling system in pregnancy.
 Although the mRNA for RyR3 was expressed in cultured myometrial cells, the mRNA for RyR2 could not be detected.
 Thus cultured myometrial cells appear to be similar to the non-pregnant myometrium.
 The cytokine transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) has been reported to alter RyR mRNA expression in many cell types.
 After treatment with TGF-beta, both RyR2 and RyR3 mRNAs could be detected in cultured myometrial cells.
 These observations support the idea that the expression of the RyR2 isoform is up-regulated both in pregnancy and in TGF-beta-treated cultured myometrial cells.
 Using measurements of 45Ca2+ release, we have further demonstrated that cultured human myometrial cells show a significant augmentation of both the Ca2+-induced Ca2+ release (CICR) mechanism and ryanodine-induced Ca2+ release after treatment with TGF-beta.
 Additionally, caffeine was able to induce Ca2+ release and sensitize the CICR mechanism to ryanodine.
 Thus we suggest that the appearance of RyR2 mRNA leads to the expression of this receptor/channel protein with identifiable pharmacological characteristics.
 These results are discussed in the context of the potential role of gene activation in the process of maturation of the human myometrium during pregnancy.
Differential expression of ryanodine receptor RyR2 mRNA in the non-pregnant and pregnant human myometrium.
Detection of a novel mutation at amino acid position 614 in the ryanodine receptor in malignant hyperthermia.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a potentially fatal autosomal dominant disorder of skeletal muscle and is triggered in susceptible people by all commonly used inhalation anaesthetics and depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents.
 To date, eight mutations in the skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor gene (RYR1) have been identified in malignant hyperthermia susceptible (MHS) and central core disease (CCD) cases.
 We have screened the RYR1 gene in affected individuals for novel MHS mutations by single stranded conformational polymorphism (SSCP) analysis and have identified a G to T transition mutation which results in the replacement of a conserved arginine (Arg) at position 614 with a leucine (Leu).
 The Arg614Leu mutation was present in three unrelated MHS individuals of 151 investigated.
 The mutation was not detected in 148 normal chromosomes and segregated precisely with MHS in family members from one of the probands where DNA was available for analysis.
 This mutation occurs at the same position as the previously identified Arg to Cys mutation reported in all cases of porcine MH and in approximately 5% of human MH.
 A comparison of the phenotypes of the Arg614Leu and Arg614Cys probands is presented.
We have cloned and sequenced the cDNA of the human brain ryanodine receptor (RyR3), which is composed of 4866 amino acids and shares characteristic structural features with the rabbit RyR3.
 Northern blot analysis shows that the human RyR3 mRNA is abundantly expressed in hippocampus, caudate nucleus and amygdala as well as in skeletal muscle.
 The human RyR3 mRNA is also detected in several cell lines derived from human brain tumors.
 Functional expression of RyR3 and a chimeric RyR suggests that RyR3 forms a calcium-release channel with a very low Ca2+ sensitivity.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a human brain ryanodine receptor.
Novel mutations at a CpG dinucleotide in the ryanodine receptor in malignant hyperthermia.
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) is a pharmacogenetic disorder of skeletal muscle that is triggered in genetically predisposed individuals by common anesthetics and muscle relaxants.
 The ryanodine receptor (RYR1) is mutated in a number of MH pedigrees, some members of which also have central core disease (CCD), an inherited myopathy closely associated with MH.
 Mutation screening of 6 kb of the RYR1 gene has identified four adjacent novel mutations, C6487T, G6488A, G6502A, and C6617T, which result in the amino acid alterations Arg2163Cys, Arg2163His, Val2168Met, and Thr2206Met, respectively.
 Collectively, these mutations account for 11% of MH cases and identify the gene segment 6400-6700 as a mutation hot spot.
 Correlation analysis of the in vitro contracture-test data available for pedigrees bearing these and other RYR1 mutations showed an exceptionally good correlation between caffeine threshold and tension values, whereas no correlation was observed between halothane threshold and tension values.
 This finding has important ramifications for assignment of the MH-susceptible phenotype, in genotyping studies, and indicates that assessment of recombinant individuals on the basis of caffeine response is justified, whereas assessment on the basis of halothane response may be problematic.
 Interestingly, the data suggest a link between the caffeine threshold and tension values and the MH/CCD phenotype.
Identification of novel mutations in the ryanodine-receptor gene (RYR1) in malignant hyperthermia: genotype-phenotype correlation.
The human ryanodine receptor type 3 (RYR3) was cloned from a fetal brain cDNA library and its complete sequence was determined (EMBL accession number AJ001515).
 The sequenced cDNA spanned 15,564 bp and contained an open reading frame of 14,613 bp.
 The corresponding protein consisted of 4870 amino acids with a calculated molecular mass of 552 kDa.
 Amino acid sequence identities to the RYR3 proteins from rabbit, mink, and chicken were 96%, 95%, and 83% respectively.
 A previously unidentified alternative splice site was detected generating a transcript that lacked bases 11,569-11,650 and encoded a truncated protein.
cDNA cloning and sequencing of the human ryanodine receptor type 3 (RYR3) reveals a novel alternative splice site in the RYR3 gene.
Partial cloning and differential expression of ryanodine receptor/calcium-release channel genes in human tissues including the hippocampus and cerebellum.
Cellular Ca2+ signalling is an important factor in the control of neuronal metabolism and electrical activity.
 Although the roles of Ca2+-release channels are well established for skeletal and cardiac muscle, less is known about their expression and roles in the central nervous system, especially in the human brain.
 We have isolated partial complementary DNAs derived from the human ryanodine receptor Ca2+-release channel genes (ryr1, ryr2 and ryr3), and examined their expression in the human hippocampus and cerebellum.
 For comparison, we have included in our analysis an inositol trisphosphate Ca2+-release channel type I complementary RNA probe.
 All four messenger RNAs show widespread distribution in the human hippocampus, where ryr2 is the most abundant isoform, and all four are expressed in the human cerebellum.
 However, striking differences were seen between ryr and inositol trisphosphate Ca2+-release channel type I complementary RNA expression in the cerebellum, with inositol trisphosphate Ca2+-release channel type I messenger RNA being largely restricted to, and very highly expressed, in Purkinje cells, whereas ryr1, ryr2 and ryr3 were all expressed predominantly in the granular layer.
 The widespread expression of ryr isoforms in the human hippocampus and cerebellum suggests that ryanodine receptor proteins may have a central role in Ca2+ signalling and Ca2+ homeostasis in the human central nervous system.
 These may include roles in fundamental processes like synaptic plasticity.
 Furthermore, these Ca2+-release channels may be involved in pathogenic processes such as excitotoxicity, where excessive rises in intracellular Ca2+ concentration mediate neuronal cell death.
